
       For _Exit(): The functionality described on this reference page is
       aligned with the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the
       requirements described here and the ISO C standard is unintentional.
       This volume of POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The value of status may be 0, EXIT_SUCCESS, EXIT_FAILURE, or any
       other value, though only the least significant 8 bits (that is,
       status & 0377) shall be available to a waiting parent process.
       The _Exit() and _exit() functions shall be functionally equivalent.
       The _Exit() and _exit() functions shall not call functions registered
       with atexit() nor any registered signal handlers.  Open streams shall
       not be flushed.  Whether open streams are closed (without flushing)
       is implementation-defined. Finally, the calling process shall be
       terminated with the consequences described below.
   Consequences of Process Termination
       Process termination caused by any reason shall have the following
       consequences:
       Note:     These consequences are all extensions to the ISO C standard
                 and are not further CX shaded. However, functionality
                 relating to the XSI option is shaded.
        *  All of the file descriptors, directory streams, conversion
           descriptors, and message catalog descriptors open in the calling
           process shall be closed.
        *  If the parent process of the calling process is executing a
           wait(), waitid(), or waitpid(), and has neither set its
           SA_NOCLDWAIT flag nor set SIGCHLD to SIG_IGN, it shall be
           notified of termination of the calling process and the low-order
           eight bits (that is, bits 0377) of status shall be made available
           to it. If the parent is not waiting, the child's status shall be
           made available to it when the parent subsequently executes
           wait(), waitid(), or waitpid().
           The semantics of the waitid() function shall be equivalent to
           wait().
        *  If the parent process of the calling process is not executing a
           wait(), waitid(), or waitpid(), and has neither set its
           SA_NOCLDWAIT flag nor set SIGCHLD to SIG_IGN, the calling process
           shall be transformed into a zombie process.  A zombie process is
           an inactive process and it shall be deleted at some later time
           when its parent process executes wait(), waitid(), or waitpid().
           The semantics of the waitid() function shall be equivalent to
           wait().
        *  Termination of a process does not directly terminate its
           children. The sending of a SIGHUP signal as described below
           indirectly terminates children in some circumstances.
        *  Either:
           If the implementation supports the SIGCHLD signal, a SIGCHLD
           shall be sent to the parent process.
           Or:
           If the parent process has set its SA_NOCLDWAIT flag, or set
           SIGCHLD to SIG_IGN, the status shall be discarded, and the
           lifetime of the calling process shall end immediately. If
           SA_NOCLDWAIT is set, it is implementation-defined whether a
           SIGCHLD signal is sent to the parent process.
        *  The parent process ID of all of the existing child processes and
           zombie processes of the calling process shall be set to the
           process ID of an implementation-defined system process. That is,
           these processes shall be inherited by a special system process.
        *  Each attached shared-memory segment is detached and the value of
           shm_nattch (see shmget()) in the data structure associated with
           its shared memory ID shall be decremented by 1.
        *  For each semaphore for which the calling process has set a semadj
           value (see semop()), that value shall be added to the semval of
           the specified semaphore.
        *  If the process is a controlling process, the SIGHUP signal shall
           be sent to each process in the foreground process group of the
           controlling terminal belonging to the calling process.
        *  If the process is a controlling process, the controlling terminal
           associated with the session shall be disassociated from the
           session, allowing it to be acquired by a new controlling process.
        *  If the exit of the process causes a process group to become
           orphaned, and if any member of the newly-orphaned process group
           is stopped, then a SIGHUP signal followed by a SIGCONT signal
           shall be sent to each process in the newly-orphaned process
           group.
        *  All open named semaphores in the calling process shall be closed
           as if by appropriate calls to sem_close().
        *  Any memory locks established by the process via calls to
           mlockall() or mlock() shall be removed. If locked pages in the
           address space of the calling process are also mapped into the
           address spaces of other processes and are locked by those
           processes, the locks established by the other processes shall be
           unaffected by the call by this process to _Exit() or _exit().
        *  Memory mappings that were created in the process shall be
           unmapped before the process is destroyed.
        *  Any blocks of typed memory that were mapped in the calling
           process shall be unmapped, as if munmap() was implicitly called
           to unmap them.
        *  All open message queue descriptors in the calling process shall
           be closed as if by appropriate calls to mq_close().
        *  Any outstanding cancelable asynchronous I/O operations may be
           canceled. Those asynchronous I/O operations that are not canceled
           shall complete as if the _Exit() or _exit() operation had not yet
           occurred, but any associated signal notifications shall be
           suppressed. The _Exit() or _exit() operation may block awaiting
           such I/O completion. Whether any I/O is canceled, and which I/O
           may be canceled upon _Exit() or _exit(), is implementation-
           defined.
        *  Threads terminated by a call to _Exit() or _exit() shall not
           invoke their cancellation cleanup handlers or per-thread data
           destructors.
        *  If the calling process is a trace controller process, any trace
           streams that were created by the calling process shall be shut
           down as described by the posix_trace_shutdown() function, and
           mapping of trace event names to trace event type identifiers of
           any process built for these trace streams may be deallocated.
