
       The accept() function shall extract the first connection on the queue
       of pending connections, create a new socket with the same socket type
       protocol and address family as the specified socket, and allocate a
       new file descriptor for that socket.
       The accept() function takes the following arguments:
       socket      Specifies a socket that was created with socket(), has
                   been bound to an address with bind(), and has issued a
                   successful call to listen().
       address     Either a null pointer, or a pointer to a sockaddr
                   structure where the address of the connecting socket
                   shall be returned.
       address_len Either a null pointer, if address is a null pointer, or a
                   pointer to a socklen_t object which on input specifies
                   the length of the supplied sockaddr structure, and on
                   output specifies the length of the stored address.
       If address is not a null pointer, the address of the peer for the
       accepted connection shall be stored in the sockaddr structure pointed
       to by address, and the length of this address shall be stored in the
       object pointed to by address_len.
       If the actual length of the address is greater than the length of the
       supplied sockaddr structure, the stored address shall be truncated.
       If the protocol permits connections by unbound clients, and the peer
       is not bound, then the value stored in the object pointed to by
       address is unspecified.
       If the listen queue is empty of connection requests and O_NONBLOCK is
       not set on the file descriptor for the socket, accept() shall block
       until a connection is present. If the listen() queue is empty of
       connection requests and O_NONBLOCK is set on the file descriptor for
       the socket, accept() shall fail and set errno to [EAGAIN] or
       [EWOULDBLOCK].
       The accepted socket cannot itself accept more connections. The
       original socket remains open and can accept more connections.
