
       addr2line translates addresses into file names and line numbers.
       Given an address in an executable or an offset in a section of a
       relocatable object, it uses the debugging information to figure out
       which file name and line number are associated with it.
       The executable or relocatable object to use is specified with the -e
       option.  The default is the file a.out.  The section in the
       relocatable object to use is specified with the -j option.
       addr2line has two modes of operation.
       In the first, hexadecimal addresses are specified on the command
       line, and addr2line displays the file name and line number for each
       address.
       In the second, addr2line reads hexadecimal addresses from standard
       input, and prints the file name and line number for each address on
       standard output.  In this mode, addr2line may be used in a pipe to
       convert dynamically chosen addresses.
       The format of the output is FILENAME:LINENO.  By default each input
       address generates one line of output.
       Two options can generate additional lines before each FILENAME:LINENO
       line (in that order).
       If the -a option is used then a line with the input address is
       displayed.
       If the -f option is used, then a line with the FUNCTIONNAME is
       displayed.  This is the name of the function containing the address.
       One option can generate additional lines after the FILENAME:LINENO
       line.
       If the -i option is used and the code at the given address is present
       there because of inlining by the compiler then additional lines are
       displayed afterwards.  One or two extra lines (if the -f option is
       used) are displayed for each inlined function.
       Alternatively if the -p option is used then each input address
       generates a single, long, output line containing the address, the
       function name, the file name and the line number.  If the -i option
       has also been used then any inlined functions will be displayed in
       the same manner, but on separate lines, and prefixed by the text
       (inlined by).
       If the file name or function name can not be determined, addr2line
       will print two question marks in their place.  If the line number can
       not be determined, addr2line will print 0.
