
       afmtodit creates a font file for use with groff, grops, and gropdf.
       afmtodit is written in perl; you must have perl version 5.004 or
       newer installed in order to run afmtodit.
       afm_file is the AFM (Adobe Font Metric) file for the font.
       map_file is a file that says which groff character names map onto
       each PostScript character name; this file should contain a sequence
       of lines of the form
              ps_char groff_char
       where ps_char is the PostScript name of the character and groff_char
       is the groff name of the character (as used in the groff font file).
       The same ps_char can occur multiple times in the file; each
       groff_char must occur at most once.  Lines starting with # and blank
       lines are ignored.  If the file isn't found in the current directory,
       it is searched in the ‘devps/generate’ subdirectory of the default
       font directory.
       If a PostScript character is not mentioned in map_file, and a generic
       groff glyph name can't be deduced using the Adobe Glyph List (AGL,
       built into afmtodit), then afmtodit puts the PostScript character
       into the groff font file as an unnamed character which can only be
       accessed by the \N escape sequence in troff.  In particular, this is
       true for glyph variants like ‘foo.bar’; all glyph names containing
       one or more periods are mapped to unnamed entities.  If option -e is
       not specified, the encoding defined in the AFM file (i.e., entries
       with non-negative character codes) is used.  Please refer to section
       ‘Using Symbols’ in the groff info file which describes how groff
       glyph names are constructed.
       Characters not encoded in the AFM file (i.e., entries which have -1
       as the character code) are still available in groff; they get glyph
       index values greater than 255 (or greater than the biggest character
       code used in the AFM file in the unlikely case that it is greater
       than 255) in the groff font file.  Glyph indices of unencoded
       characters don't have a specific order; it is best to access them
       with glyph names only.
       The groff font file will be output to a file called font, unless the
       -o option is used.
       If there is a downloadable font file for the font, it may be listed
       in the file /usr/local/share/groff/1.22.3/font/devps/download; see
       grops(1).
       If the -i option is used, afmtodit will automatically generate an
       italic correction, a left italic correction and a subscript
       correction for each character (the significance of these parameters
       is explained in groff_font(5)); these parameters may be specified for
       individual characters by adding to the afm_file lines of the form:
              italicCorrection ps_char n
              leftItalicCorrection ps_char n
              subscriptCorrection ps_char n
       where ps_char is the PostScript name of the character, and n is the
       desired value of the corresponding parameter in thousandths of an em.
       These parameters are normally needed only for italic (or oblique)
       fonts.
