
       The /etc/anacrontab configuration file describes the jobs controlled
       by anacron(8).  It can contain three types of lines: job-description
       lines, environment assignments, or empty lines.
       Job-description lines can have the following format:
          period in days   delay in minutes   job-identifier   command
       The period in days variable specifies the frequency of execution of a
       job in days.  This variable can be represented by an integer or a
       macro (@daily, @weekly, @monthly), where @daily denotes the same
       value as the integer 1, @weekly the same as 7, and @monthly specifies
       that the job is run once a month, independent on the length of the
       month.
       The delay in minutes variable specifies the number of minutes anacron
       waits, if necessary, before executing a job.  This variable is
       represented by an integer where 0 means no delay.
       The job-identifier variable specifies a unique name of a job which is
       used in the log files.
       The command variable specifies the command to execute.  The command
       can either be a command such as ls /proc >> /tmp/proc or a command to
       execute a custom script.
       Environment assignment lines can have the following format:
          VAR=VALUE
       Any spaces around VAR are removed.  No spaces around VALUE are
       allowed (unless you want them to be part of the value).  The
       specified assignment takes effect from the next line until the end of
       the file, or to the next assignment of the same variable.
       The START_HOURS_RANGE variable defines an interval (in hours) when
       scheduled jobs can be run.  In case this time interval is missed, for
       example, due to a power down, then scheduled jobs are not executed
       that day.
       The RANDOM_DELAY variable denotes the maximum number of minutes that
       will be added to the delay in minutes variable which is specified for
       each job.  A RANDOM_DELAY set to 12 would therefore add, randomly,
       between 0 and 12 minutes to the delay in minutes for each job in that
       particular anacrontab.  When set to 0, no random delay is added.
       Empty lines are either blank lines, line containing white spaces
       only, or lines with white spaces followed by a '#' followed by an
       arbitrary comment.
       You can continue a line onto the next line by adding a '\' at the end
       of it.
       In case you want to disable Anacron, add a line with 0anacron which
       is the name of the script running the Anacron into the
       /etc/cron.hourly/jobs.deny file.
