
       Anacron is used to execute commands periodically, with a frequency
       specified in days.  Unlike cron(8), it does not assume that the
       machine is running continuously.  Hence, it can be used on machines
       that are not running 24 hours a day to control regular jobs as daily,
       weekly, and monthly jobs.
       Anacron reads a list of jobs from the /etc/anacrontab configuration
       file (see anacrontab(5)).  This file contains the list of jobs that
       Anacron controls.  Each job entry specifies a period in days, a delay
       in minutes, a unique job identifier, and a shell command.
       For each job, Anacron checks whether this job has been executed in
       the last n days, where n is the time period specified for that job.
       If a job has not been executed in n days or more, Anacron runs the
       job's shell command, after waiting for the number of minutes
       specified as the delay parameter.
       After the command exits, Anacron records the date (excludes the hour)
       in a special timestamp file for that job, so it knows when to execute
       that job again.
       When there are no more jobs to be run, Anacron exits.
       Anacron only considers jobs whose identifier, as specified in
       anacrontab(5), matches any of the job command-line arguments.  The
       job command-line arguments can be represented by shell wildcard
       patterns (be sure to protect them from your shell with adequate
       quoting).  Specifying no job command-line arguments is equivalent to
       specifying "*"  (that is, all jobs are considered by Anacron).
       Unless Anacron is run with the -d option (specified below), it forks
       to the background when it starts, and any parent processes exit
       immediately.
       Unless Anacron is run with the -s or -n options, it starts jobs
       immediately when their delay is over.  The execution of different
       jobs is completely independent.
       If an executed job generates any output to standard output or to
       standard error, the output is mailed to the user under whom Anacron
       is running (usually root), or to the address specified in the MAILTO
       environment variable in the /etc/anacrontab file, if such exists.  If
       the LOGNAME environment variable is set, it is used in the From:
       field of the mail.
       Any informative messages generated by Anacron are sent to syslogd(8)
       or rsyslogd(8) under with facility set to cron and priority set to
       notice.  Any error messages are sent with the priority error.
       "Active" jobs (i.e., jobs that Anacron already decided to run and are
       now waiting for their delay to pass, and jobs that are currently
       being executed by Anacron), are "locked", so that other copies of
       Anacron cannot run them at the same time.
