
       The ar utility is part of the Software Development Utilities option.
       The ar utility can be used to create and maintain groups of files
       combined into an archive. Once an archive has been created, new files
       can be added, and existing files in an archive can be extracted,
       deleted, or replaced. When an archive consists entirely of valid
       object files, the implementation shall format the archive so that it
       is usable as a library for link editing (see c99 and fort77).  When
       some of the archived files are not valid object files, the
       suitability of the archive for library use is undefined.  If an
       archive consists entirely of printable files, the entire archive
       shall be printable.
       When ar creates an archive, it creates administrative information
       indicating whether a symbol table is present in the archive. When
       there is at least one object file that ar recognizes as such in the
       archive, an archive symbol table shall be created in the archive and
       maintained by ar; it is used by the link editor to search the
       archive. Whenever the ar utility is used to create or update the
       contents of such an archive, the symbol table shall be rebuilt. The
       −s option shall force the symbol table to be rebuilt.
       All file operands can be pathnames. However, files within archives
       shall be named by a filename, which is the last component of the
       pathname used when the file was entered into the archive. The
       comparison of file operands to the names of files in archives shall
       be performed by comparing the last component of the operand to the
       name of the file in the archive.
       It is unspecified whether multiple files in the archive may be
       identically named. In the case of such files, however, each file and
       posname operand shall match only the first file in the archive having
       a name that is the same as the last component of the operand.
