
       The attr utility allows the manipulation of extended attributes
       associated with filesystem objects from within shell scripts.
       There are four main operations that attr can perform:
       GET    The -g attrname option tells attr to search the named object
              and print (to stdout) the value associated with that attribute
              name.  With the -q flag, stdout will be exactly and only the
              value of the attribute, suitable for storage directly into a
              file or processing via a piped command.
       LIST   The -l option tells attr to list the names of all the
              attributes that are associated with the object, and the number
              of bytes in the value of each of those attributes.  With the
              -q flag, stdout will be a simple list of only the attribute
              names, one per line, suitable for input into a script.
       REMOVE The -r attrname option tells attr to remove an attribute with
              the given name from the object if the attribute exists.  There
              is no output on successful completion.
       SET/CREATE
              The -s attrname option tells attr to set the named attribute
              of the object to the value read from stdin.  If an attribute
              with that name already exists, its value will be replaced with
              this one.  If an attribute with that name does not already
              exist, one will be created with this value.  With the -V
              attrvalue flag, the attribute will be set to have a value of
              attrvalue and stdin will not be read.  With the -q flag,
              stdout will not be used.  Without the -q flag, a message
              showing the attribute name and the entire value will be
              printed.
       When the -L option is given and the named object is a symbolic link,
       operate on the attributes of the object referenced by the symbolic
       link.  Without this option, operate on the attributes of the symbolic
       link itself.
       When the -R option is given and the process has appropriate
       privileges, operate in the root attribute namespace rather that the
       USER attribute namespace.
       The -S option is similar, except it specifies use of the security
       attribute namespace.
       When the -q option is given attr will try to keep quiet.  It will
       output error messages (to stderr) but will not print status messages
       (to stdout).
