
       audispd.conf is the file that controls the configuration of the audit
       event dispatcher. Each line should contain one configuration keyword,
       an equal sign, and then followed by appropriate configuration
       information. All option names and values are case insensitive. The
       keywords recognized are listed and described below. Each line should
       be limited to 160 characters or the line will be skipped. You may add
       comments to the file by starting the line with a '#' character.
       q_depth
              This is a numeric value that tells how big to make the
              internal queue of the audit event dispatcher. A bigger queue
              lets it handle a flood of events better, but could hold events
              that are not processed when the daemon is terminated. If you
              get messages in syslog about events getting dropped, increase
              this value. The default value is 80.
       overflow_action
              This option determines how the daemon should react to
              overflowing its internal queue. When this happens, it means
              that more events are being received than it can get rid of.
              This error means that it is going to lose the current event
              its trying to dispatch. It has the following choices: ignore,
              syslog, suspend, single, and halt.  If set to ignore, the
              audisp daemon does nothing.  syslog means that it will issue a
              warning to syslog.  suspend will cause the audisp daemon to
              stop processing events. The daemon will still be alive. The
              single option will cause the audisp daemon to put the computer
              system in single user mode.  halt option will cause the audisp
              daemon to shutdown the computer system.
       priority_boost
              This is a non-negative number that tells the audit event
              dispatcher how much of a priority boost it should take. This
              boost is in addition to the boost provided from the audit
              daemon. The default is 4. No change is 0.
       max_restarts
              This is a non-negative number that tells the audit event
              dispatcher how many times it can try to restart a crashed
              plugin. The default is 10.
       name_format
              This option controls how computer node names are inserted into
              the audit event stream. It has the following choices: none,
              hostname, fqd, numeric, and user.  None means that no computer
              name is inserted into the audit event.  hostname is the name
              returned by the gethostname syscall. The fqd means that it
              takes the hostname and resolves it with dns for a fully
              qualified domain name of that machine.  Numeric is similar to
              fqd except it resolves the IP address of the machine.  User is
              an admin defined string from the name option. The default
              value is none.
       name   This is the admin defined string that identifies the machine
              if user is given as the name_format option.
       plugin_dir
              This is the location that audispd will use to search for its
              plugin configuration files.
