
       The Babeltrace sink.ctf.fs component class, provided by the
       babeltrace-plugin-ctf(7) plugin, once instantiated, writes the events
       it receives to one or more CTF (see <http://diamon.org/ctf/>) traces
       on the file system.
       A sink.ctf.fs component does not merge traces, in that it writes the
       notifications of different input traces to different output traces.
       This component guarantees that the output traces are semantically
       equivalent to the input traces. This means that a given output CTF
       trace contains:
       ·   The original trace environment.
       ·   The original clock classes.
       ·   The original event class names, log levels, and other static
           attributes, except for the numeric IDs.
       ·   The original field values, except for:
           ·   Timestamp fields, but the equivalent clock value remains the
               same.
           ·   Numeric ID fields.
       The component does not guarantee to keep:
       ·   The original field type attributes (for example, the sizes of the
           integer field types).
       ·   The original stream class and event class numeric IDs.
   Output path
       The path of a CTF trace is the directory which directly contains the
       metadata and data stream files as children.
       The rules to determine the path of a generated CTF trace are:
       ·   If the single-trace parameter is true, use the value of the path
           parameter.
           Otherwise:
           ·   If the input trace has a name, use
               OUTPUTPATH/TRACENAME[SUFFIX], where OUTPUTPATH is the value
               of the path parameter, TRACENAME is the input trace’s name,
               and SUFFIX is an optional numeric suffix if
               OUTPUTPATH/TRACENAME already exists.
               Note that the name of a trace that a source.ctf.fs component
               creates includes its hostname and its relative path while
               making sure to avoid conflicts.
               Otherwise, use OUTPUTPATH/trace[SUFFIX], where OUTPUTPATH and
               SUFFIX are defined above.
