
       Backends are a special type of filter(7) which is used to send print
       data to and discover different devices on the system.
       Like filters, backends must be capable of reading from a filename on
       the command-line or from the standard input, copying the standard
       input to a temporary file as required by the physical interface.
       The command name (argv[0]) is set to the device URI of the
       destination printer. Authentication information in argv[0] is
       removed, so backend developers are urged to use the DEVICE_URI
       environment variable whenever authentication information is required.
       The cupsBackendDeviceURI() function may be used to retrieve the
       correct device URI.
       Back-channel data from the device should be relayed to the job
       filters using the cupsBackChannelWrite function.
       Backends are responsible for reading side-channel requests using the
       cupsSideChannelRead() function and responding with the
       cupsSideChannelWrite() function. The CUPS_SC_FD constant defines the
       file descriptor that should be monitored for incoming requests.
   DEVICE DISCOVERY
       When run with no arguments, the backend should list the devices and
       schemes it supports or is advertising to the standard output. The
       output consists of zero or more lines consisting of any of the
       following forms:
           device-class scheme "Unknown" "device-info"
           device-class device-uri "device-make-and-model" "device-info"
           device-class device-uri "device-make-and-model" "device-info" "device-id"
           device-class device-uri "device-make-and-model" "device-info" "device-id" "device-location"
       The cupsBackendReport() function can be used to generate these lines
       and handle any necessary escaping of characters in the various
       strings.
       The device-class field is one of the following values:
       direct
            The device-uri refers to a specific direct-access device with no
            options, such as a parallel, USB, or SCSI device.
       file The device-uri refers to a file on disk.
       network
            The device-uri refers to a networked device and conforms to the
            general form for network URIs.
       serial
            The device-uri refers to a serial device with configurable baud
            rate and other options. If the device-uri contains a baud value,
            it represents the maximum baud rate supported by the device.
       The scheme field provides the URI scheme that is supported by the
       backend. Backends should use this form only when the backend supports
       any URI using that scheme. The device-uri field specifies the full
       URI to use when communicating with the device.
       The device-make-and-model field specifies the make and model of the
       device, e.g. "Example Foojet 2000". If the make and model is not
       known, you must report "Unknown".
       The device-info field specifies additional information about the
       device. Typically this includes the make and model along with the
       port number or network address, e.g. "Example Foojet 2000 USB #1".
       The optional device-id field specifies the IEEE-1284 device ID string
       for the device, which is used to select a matching driver.
       The optional device-location field specifies the physical location of
       the device, which is often used to pre-populate the printer-location
       attribute when adding a printer.
   PERMISSIONS
       Backends without world read and execute permissions are run as the
       root user. Otherwise, the backend is run using an unprivileged user
       account, typically "lp".
