
       blktrace is a block layer IO tracing mechanism which provides
       detailed information about request queue operations up to user space.
       There are three major components: a kernel component, a utility to
       record the i/o trace information for the kernel to user space, and
       utilities to analyse and view the trace information.  This man page
       describes blktrace, which records the i/o event trace information for
       a specific block device to a file.
       The blktrace utility extracts event traces from the kernel (via the
       relaying through the debug file system). Some background details
       concerning the run-time behaviour of blktrace will help to understand
       some of the more arcane command line options:
       - blktrace receives data from the kernel in buffers passed up through
         the debug file system (relay). Each device being traced has a file
         created in the mounted directory for the debugfs, which defaults to
         /sys/kernel/debug -- this can be overridden with the -r command
         line argument.
       - blktrace defaults to collecting all events that can be traced. To
         limit the events being captured, you can specify one or more filter
         masks via the -a option.
         Alternatively, one may specify the entire mask utilising a
         hexadecimal value that is version-specific. (Requires understanding
         of the internal representation of the filter mask.)
       - As noted above, the events are passed up via a series of buffers
         stored into debugfs files. The size and number of buffers can be
         specified via the -b and -n arguments respectively.
       - blktrace stores the extracted data into files stored in the local
         directory. The format of the file names is (by default)
         device.blktrace.cpu, where device is the base device name (e.g, if
         we are tracing /dev/sda, the base device name would be sda); and
         cpu identifies a CPU for the event stream.
         The device portion of the event file name can be changed via the -o
         option.
       - blktrace may also be run concurrently with blkparse to produce live
         output -- to do this specify -o - for blktrace.
       - The default behaviour for blktrace is to run forever until
         explicitly killed by the user (via a control-C, or sending SIGINT
         signal to the process via invocation the kill (1) utility). Also
         you can specify a run-time duration for blktrace via the -w option
         -- then blktrace will run for the specified number of seconds, and
         then halt.
