
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The bsearch() function shall search an array of nel objects, the
       initial element of which is pointed to by base, for an element that
       matches the object pointed to by key.  The size of each element in
       the array is specified by width.  If the nel argument has the value
       zero, the comparison function pointed to by compar shall not be
       called and no match shall be found.
       The comparison function pointed to by compar shall be called with two
       arguments that point to the key object and to an array element, in
       that order.
       The application shall ensure that the comparison function pointed to
       by compar does not alter the contents of the array. The
       implementation may reorder elements of the array between calls to the
       comparison function, but shall not alter the contents of any
       individual element.
       The implementation shall ensure that the first argument is always a
       pointer to the key.
       When the same objects (consisting of width bytes, irrespective of
       their current positions in the array) are passed more than once to
       the comparison function, the results shall be consistent with one
       another.  That is, the same object shall always compare the same way
       with the key.
       The application shall ensure that the function returns an integer
       less than, equal to, or greater than 0 if the key object is
       considered, respectively, to be less than, to match, or to be greater
       than the array element. The application shall ensure that the array
       consists of all the elements that compare less than, all the elements
       that compare equal to, and all the elements that compare greater than
       the key object, in that order.
