
       The malloc() function allocates size bytes and returns a pointer to
       the allocated memory.  The memory is not initialized.  If size is 0,
       then malloc() returns either NULL, or a unique pointer value that can
       later be successfully passed to free().
       The free() function frees the memory space pointed to by ptr, which
       must have been returned by a previous call to malloc(), calloc(), or
       realloc().  Otherwise, or if free(ptr) has already been called
       before, undefined behavior occurs.  If ptr is NULL, no operation is
       performed.
       The calloc() function allocates memory for an array of nmemb elements
       of size bytes each and returns a pointer to the allocated memory.
       The memory is set to zero.  If nmemb or size is 0, then calloc()
       returns either NULL, or a unique pointer value that can later be
       successfully passed to free().
       The realloc() function changes the size of the memory block pointed
       to by ptr to size bytes.  The contents will be unchanged in the range
       from the start of the region up to the minimum of the old and new
       sizes.  If the new size is larger than the old size, the added memory
       will not be initialized.  If ptr is NULL, then the call is equivalent
       to malloc(size), for all values of size; if size is equal to zero,
       and ptr is not NULL, then the call is equivalent to free(ptr).
       Unless ptr is NULL, it must have been returned by an earlier call to
       malloc(), calloc(), or realloc().  If the area pointed to was moved,
       a free(ptr) is done.
       The reallocarray() function changes the size of the memory block
       pointed to by ptr to be large enough for an array of nmemb elements,
       each of which is size bytes.  It is equivalent to the call
               realloc(ptr, nmemb * size);
       However, unlike that realloc() call, reallocarray() fails safely in
       the case where the multiplication would overflow.  If such an
       overflow occurs, reallocarray() returns NULL, sets errno to ENOMEM,
       and leaves the original block of memory unchanged.
