
       Control cgroups, usually referred to as cgroups, are a Linux kernel
       feature which allow processes to be organized into hierarchical
       groups whose usage of various types of resources can then be limited
       and monitored.  The kernel's cgroup interface is provided through a
       pseudo-filesystem called cgroupfs.  Grouping is implemented in the
       core cgroup kernel code, while resource tracking and limits are
       implemented in a set of per-resource-type subsystems (memory, CPU,
       and so on).
   Terminology
       A cgroup is a collection of processes that are bound to a set of
       limits or parameters defined via the cgroup filesystem.
       A subsystem is a kernel component that modifies the behavior of the
       processes in a cgroup.  Various subsystems have been implemented,
       making it possible to do things such as limiting the amount of CPU
       time and memory available to a cgroup, accounting for the CPU time
       used by a cgroup, and freezing and resuming execution of the
       processes in a cgroup.  Subsystems are sometimes also known as
       resource controllers (or simply, controllers).
       The cgroups for a controller are arranged in a hierarchy.  This
       hierarchy is defined by creating, removing, and renaming
       subdirectories within the cgroup filesystem.  At each level of the
       hierarchy, attributes (e.g., limits) can be defined.  The limits,
       control, and accounting provided by cgroups generally have effect
       throughout the subhierarchy underneath the cgroup where the
       attributes are defined.  Thus, for example, the limits placed on a
       cgroup at a higher level in the hierarchy cannot be exceeded by
       descendant cgroups.
   Cgroups version 1 and version 2
       The initial release of the cgroups implementation was in Linux
       2.6.24.  Over time, various cgroup controllers have been added to
       allow the management of various types of resources.  However, the
       development of these controllers was largely uncoordinated, with the
       result that many inconsistencies arose between controllers and
       management of the cgroup hierarchies became rather complex.  (A
       longer description of these problems can be found in the kernel
       source file Documentation/cgroup-v2.txt.)
       Because of the problems with the initial cgroups implementation
       (cgroups version 1), starting in Linux 3.10, work began on a new,
       orthogonal implementation to remedy these problems.  Initially marked
       experimental, and hidden behind the -o __DEVEL__sane_behavior mount
       option, the new version (cgroups version 2) was eventually made
       official with the release of Linux 4.5.  Differences between the two
       versions are described in the text below.
       Although cgroups v2 is intended as a replacement for cgroups v1, the
       older system continues to exist (and for compatibility reasons is
       unlikely to be removed).  Currently, cgroups v2 implements only a
       subset of the controllers available in cgroups v1.  The two systems
       are implemented so that both v1 controllers and v2 controllers can be
       mounted on the same system.  Thus, for example, it is possible to use
       those controllers that are supported under version 2, while also
       using version 1 controllers where version 2 does not yet support
       those controllers.  The only restriction here is that a controller
       can't be simultaneously employed in both a cgroups v1 hierarchy and
       in the cgroups v2 hierarchy.
