
       The chmod() function shall change S_ISUID, S_ISGID, S_ISVTX, and the
       file permission bits of the file named by the pathname pointed to by
       the path argument to the corresponding bits in the mode argument. The
       application shall ensure that the effective user ID of the process
       matches the owner of the file or the process has appropriate
       privileges in order to do this.
       S_ISUID, S_ISGID, S_ISVTX, and the file permission bits are described
       in <sys/stat.h>.
       If the calling process does not have appropriate privileges, and if
       the group ID of the file does not match the effective group ID or one
       of the supplementary group IDs and if the file is a regular file, bit
       S_ISGID (set-group-ID on execution) in the file's mode shall be
       cleared upon successful return from chmod().
       Additional implementation-defined restrictions may cause the S_ISUID
       and S_ISGID bits in mode to be ignored.
       Upon successful completion, chmod() shall mark for update the last
       file status change timestamp of the file.
       The fchmodat() function shall be equivalent to the chmod() function
       except in the case where path specifies a relative path. In this case
       the file to be changed is determined relative to the directory
       associated with the file descriptor fd instead of the current working
       directory. If the file descriptor was opened without O_SEARCH, the
       function shall check whether directory searches are permitted using
       the current permissions of the directory underlying the file
       descriptor. If the file descriptor was opened with O_SEARCH, the
       function shall not perform the check.
       Values for flag are constructed by a bitwise-inclusive OR of flags
       from the following list, defined in <fcntl.h>:
       AT_SYMLINK_NOFOLLOW
             If path names a symbolic link, then the mode of the symbolic
             link is changed.
       If fchmodat() is passed the special value AT_FDCWD in the fd
       parameter, the current working directory shall be used. If also flag
       is zero, the behavior shall be identical to a call to chmod().
