
       If the flag TIMER_ABSTIME is not set in the flags argument, the
       clock_nanosleep() function shall cause the current thread to be
       suspended from execution until either the time interval specified by
       the rqtp argument has elapsed, or a signal is delivered to the
       calling thread and its action is to invoke a signal-catching
       function, or the process is terminated. The clock used to measure the
       time shall be the clock specified by clock_id.
       If the flag TIMER_ABSTIME is set in the flags argument, the
       clock_nanosleep() function shall cause the current thread to be
       suspended from execution until either the time value of the clock
       specified by clock_id reaches the absolute time specified by the rqtp
       argument, or a signal is delivered to the calling thread and its
       action is to invoke a signal-catching function, or the process is
       terminated.  If, at the time of the call, the time value specified by
       rqtp is less than or equal to the time value of the specified clock,
       then clock_nanosleep() shall return immediately and the calling
       process shall not be suspended.
       The suspension time caused by this function may be longer than
       requested because the argument value is rounded up to an integer
       multiple of the sleep resolution, or because of the scheduling of
       other activity by the system. But, except for the case of being
       interrupted by a signal, the suspension time for the relative
       clock_nanosleep() function (that is, with the TIMER_ABSTIME flag not
       set) shall not be less than the time interval specified by rqtp, as
       measured by the corresponding clock. The suspension for the absolute
       clock_nanosleep() function (that is, with the TIMER_ABSTIME flag set)
       shall be in effect at least until the value of the corresponding
       clock reaches the absolute time specified by rqtp, except for the
       case of being interrupted by a signal.
       The use of the clock_nanosleep() function shall have no effect on the
       action or blockage of any signal.
       The clock_nanosleep() function shall fail if the clock_id argument
       refers to the CPU-time clock of the calling thread. It is unspecified
       whether clock_id values of other CPU-time clocks are allowed.
