
       This page summarizes variables provided by the curses library.  A
       more complete description is given in the curses(3X) manual page.
       Depending on the configuration, these may be actual variables, or
       macros (see curs_threads(3X) and curs_opaque(3X)) which provide read-
       only access to curses's state.  In either case, applications should
       treat them as read-only to avoid confusing the library.
   COLOR_PAIRS
       After initializing curses, this variable contains the number of color
       pairs which the terminal can support.  Usually the number of color
       pairs will be the product COLORS*COLORS, however this is not always
       true:
       ·   a few terminals use HLS colors, which do not follow this rule
       ·   terminals supporting a large number of colors are limited by the
           number of color pairs that can be represented in a signed short
           value.
   COLORS
       After initializing curses, this variable contains the number of
       colors which the terminal can support.
   COLS
       After initializing curses, this variable contains the width of the
       screen, i.e., the number of columns.
   ESCDELAY
       This variable holds the number of milliseconds to wait after reading
       an escape character, to distinguish between an individual escape
       character entered on the keyboard from escape sequences sent by
       cursor- and function-keys (see curses(3X).
   LINES
       After initializing curses, this variable contains the height of the
       screen, i.e., the number of lines.
   TABSIZE
       This variable holds the number of columns used by the curses library
       when converting a tab character to spaces as it adds the tab to a
       window (see curs_addch(3X).
   The Current Screen
       This implementation of curses uses a special window curscr to record
       its updates to the terminal screen.
   The New Screen
       This implementation of curses uses a special window newscr to hold
       updates to the terminal screen before applying them to curscr.
   The Standard Screen
       Upon initializing curses, a default window called stdscr, which is
       the size of the terminal screen, is created.  Many curses functions
       use this window.
