
       The connect() function shall attempt to make a connection on a
       connection-mode socket or to set or reset the peer address of a
       connectionless-mode socket. The function takes the following
       arguments:
       socket      Specifies the file descriptor associated with the socket.
       address     Points to a sockaddr structure containing the peer
                   address. The length and format of the address depend on
                   the address family of the socket.
       address_len Specifies the length of the sockaddr structure pointed to
                   by the address argument.
       If the socket has not already been bound to a local address,
       connect() shall bind it to an address which, unless the socket's
       address family is AF_UNIX, is an unused local address.
       If the initiating socket is not connection-mode, then connect() shall
       set the socket's peer address, and no connection is made. For
       SOCK_DGRAM sockets, the peer address identifies where all datagrams
       are sent on subsequent send() functions, and limits the remote sender
       for subsequent recv() functions. If the sa_family member of address
       is AF_UNSPEC, the socket's peer address shall be reset. Note that
       despite no connection being made, the term ``connected'' is used to
       describe a connectionless-mode socket for which a peer address has
       been set.
       If the initiating socket is connection-mode, then connect() shall
       attempt to establish a connection to the address specified by the
       address argument. If the connection cannot be established immediately
       and O_NONBLOCK is not set for the file descriptor for the socket,
       connect() shall block for up to an unspecified timeout interval until
       the connection is established. If the timeout interval expires before
       the connection is established, connect() shall fail and the
       connection attempt shall be aborted. If connect() is interrupted by a
       signal that is caught while blocked waiting to establish a
       connection, connect() shall fail and set errno to [EINTR], but the
       connection request shall not be aborted, and the connection shall be
       established asynchronously.
       If the connection cannot be established immediately and O_NONBLOCK is
       set for the file descriptor for the socket, connect() shall fail and
       set errno to [EINPROGRESS], but the connection request shall not be
       aborted, and the connection shall be established asynchronously.
       Subsequent calls to connect() for the same socket, before the
       connection is established, shall fail and set errno to [EALREADY].
       When the connection has been established asynchronously, pselect(),
       select(), and poll() shall indicate that the file descriptor for the
       socket is ready for writing.
       The socket in use may require the process to have appropriate
       privileges to use the connect() function.
