
       Crash is a tool for interactively analyzing the state of the Linux
       system while it is running, or after a kernel crash has occurred and
       a core dump has been created by the netdump, diskdump, LKCD, kdump,
       xendump or kvmdump facilities.  It is loosely based on the SVR4 UNIX
       crash command, but has been significantly enhanced by completely
       merging it with the gdb(1) debugger. The marriage of the two
       effectively combines the kernel-specific nature of the traditional
       UNIX crash utility with the source code level debugging capabilities
       of gdb(1).
       In the dumpfile form, both a NAMELIST and a MEMORY-IMAGE argument
       must be entered.  In the live system form, the NAMELIST argument must
       be entered if the kernel's vmlinux file is not located in a known
       location, such as the /usr/lib/debug/lib/modules/<kernel-version>
       directory.
       The crash utility has also been extended to support the analysis of
       dumpfiles generated by a crash of the Xen hypervisor.  In that case,
       the NAMELIST argument must be that of the xen-syms binary.  Live
       system analysis is not supported for the Xen hypervisor.
       The crash utility command set consists of common kernel core analysis
       tools such as kernel stack back traces of all processes, source code
       disassembly, formatted kernel structure and variable displays,
       virtual memory data, dumps of linked-lists, etc., along with several
       commands that delve deeper into specific kernel subsystems.
       Appropriate gdb commands may also be entered, which in turn are
       passed on to the gdb module for execution.  If desired, commands may
       be placed in either a $HOME/.crashrc file and/or in a .crashrc file
       in the current directory.  During initialization, the commands in
       $HOME/.crashrc are executed first, followed by those in the
       ./.crashrc file.
       The crash utility is designed to be independent of Linux version
       dependencies. When new kernel source code impacts the correct
       functionality of crash and its command set, the utility will be
       updated to recognize new kernel code changes, while maintaining
       backwards compatibility with earlier releases.
