
       The crontab utility shall create, replace, or edit a user's crontab
       entry; a crontab entry is a list of commands and the times at which
       they shall be executed. The new crontab entry can be input by
       specifying file or input from standard input if no file operand is
       specified, or by using an editor, if −e is specified.
       Upon execution of a command from a crontab entry, the implementation
       shall supply a default environment, defining at least the following
       environment variables:
       HOME      A pathname of the user's home directory.
       LOGNAME   The user's login name.
       PATH      A string representing a search path guaranteed to find all
                 of the standard utilities.
       SHELL     A pathname of the command interpreter. When crontab is
                 invoked as specified by this volume of POSIX.1‐2008, the
                 value shall be a pathname for sh.
       The values of these variables when crontab is invoked as specified by
       this volume of POSIX.1‐2008 shall not affect the default values
       provided when the scheduled command is run.
       If standard output and standard error are not redirected by commands
       executed from the crontab entry, any generated output or errors shall
       be mailed, via an implementation-defined method, to the user.
       Users shall be permitted to use crontab if their names appear in the
       file cron.allow which is located in an implementation-defined
       directory.  If that file does not exist, the file cron.deny, which is
       located in an implementation-defined directory, shall be checked to
       determine whether the user shall be denied access to crontab.  If
       neither file exists, only a process with appropriate privileges shall
       be allowed to submit a job. If only cron.deny exists and is empty,
       global usage shall be permitted. The cron.allow and cron.deny files
       shall consist of one user name per line.
