
       A daemon is a service process that runs in the background and
       supervises the system or provides functionality to other processes.
       Traditionally, daemons are implemented following a scheme originating
       in SysV Unix. Modern daemons should follow a simpler yet more
       powerful scheme (here called "new-style" daemons), as implemented by
       systemd(1). This manual page covers both schemes, and in particular
       includes recommendations for daemons that shall be included in the
       systemd init system.
   SysV Daemons
       When a traditional SysV daemon starts, it should execute the
       following steps as part of the initialization. Note that these steps
       are unnecessary for new-style daemons (see below), and should only be
       implemented if compatibility with SysV is essential.
        1. Close all open file descriptors except standard input, output,
           and error (i.e. the first three file descriptors 0, 1, 2). This
           ensures that no accidentally passed file descriptor stays around
           in the daemon process. On Linux, this is best implemented by
           iterating through /proc/self/fd, with a fallback of iterating
           from file descriptor 3 to the value returned by getrlimit() for
           RLIMIT_NOFILE.
        2. Reset all signal handlers to their default. This is best done by
           iterating through the available signals up to the limit of _NSIG
           and resetting them to SIG_DFL.
        3. Reset the signal mask using sigprocmask().
        4. Sanitize the environment block, removing or resetting environment
           variables that might negatively impact daemon runtime.
        5. Call fork(), to create a background process.
        6. In the child, call setsid() to detach from any terminal and
           create an independent session.
        7. In the child, call fork() again, to ensure that the daemon can
           never re-acquire a terminal again.
        8. Call exit() in the first child, so that only the second child
           (the actual daemon process) stays around. This ensures that the
           daemon process is re-parented to init/PID 1, as all daemons
           should be.
        9. In the daemon process, connect /dev/null to standard input,
           output, and error.
       10. In the daemon process, reset the umask to 0, so that the file
           modes passed to open(), mkdir() and suchlike directly control the
           access mode of the created files and directories.
       11. In the daemon process, change the current directory to the root
           directory (/), in order to avoid that the daemon involuntarily
           blocks mount points from being unmounted.
       12. In the daemon process, write the daemon PID (as returned by
           getpid()) to a PID file, for example /run/foobar.pid (for a
           hypothetical daemon "foobar") to ensure that the daemon cannot be
           started more than once. This must be implemented in race-free
           fashion so that the PID file is only updated when it is verified
           at the same time that the PID previously stored in the PID file
           no longer exists or belongs to a foreign process.
       13. In the daemon process, drop privileges, if possible and
           applicable.
       14. From the daemon process, notify the original process started that
           initialization is complete. This can be implemented via an
           unnamed pipe or similar communication channel that is created
           before the first fork() and hence available in both the original
           and the daemon process.
       15. Call exit() in the original process. The process that invoked the
           daemon must be able to rely on that this exit() happens after
           initialization is complete and all external communication
           channels are established and accessible.
       The BSD daemon() function should not be used, as it implements only a
       subset of these steps.
       A daemon that needs to provide compatibility with SysV systems should
       implement the scheme pointed out above. However, it is recommended to
       make this behavior optional and configurable via a command line
       argument to ease debugging as well as to simplify integration into
       systems using systemd.
   New-Style Daemons
       Modern services for Linux should be implemented as new-style daemons.
       This makes it easier to supervise and control them at runtime and
       simplifies their implementation.
       For developing a new-style daemon, none of the initialization steps
       recommended for SysV daemons need to be implemented. New-style init
       systems such as systemd make all of them redundant. Moreover, since
       some of these steps interfere with process monitoring, file
       descriptor passing and other functionality of the init system, it is
       recommended not to execute them when run as new-style service.
       Note that new-style init systems guarantee execution of daemon
       processes in a clean process context: it is guaranteed that the
       environment block is sanitized, that the signal handlers and mask is
       reset and that no left-over file descriptors are passed. Daemons will
       be executed in their own session, with standard input connected to
       /dev/null and standard output/error connected to the
       systemd-journald.service(8) logging service, unless otherwise
       configured. The umask is reset.
       It is recommended for new-style daemons to implement the following:
        1. If SIGTERM is received, shut down the daemon and exit cleanly.
        2. If SIGHUP is received, reload the configuration files, if this
           applies.
        3. Provide a correct exit code from the main daemon process, as this
           is used by the init system to detect service errors and problems.
           It is recommended to follow the exit code scheme as defined in
           the LSB recommendations for SysV init scripts[1].
        4. If possible and applicable, expose the daemon's control interface
           via the D-Bus IPC system and grab a bus name as last step of
           initialization.
        5. For integration in systemd, provide a .service unit file that
           carries information about starting, stopping and otherwise
           maintaining the daemon. See systemd.service(5) for details.
        6. As much as possible, rely on the init system's functionality to
           limit the access of the daemon to files, services and other
           resources, i.e. in the case of systemd, rely on systemd's
           resource limit control instead of implementing your own, rely on
           systemd's privilege dropping code instead of implementing it in
           the daemon, and similar. See systemd.exec(5) for the available
           controls.
        7. If D-Bus is used, make your daemon bus-activatable by supplying a
           D-Bus service activation configuration file. This has multiple
           advantages: your daemon may be started lazily on-demand; it may
           be started in parallel to other daemons requiring it — which
           maximizes parallelization and boot-up speed; your daemon can be
           restarted on failure without losing any bus requests, as the bus
           queues requests for activatable services. See below for details.
        8. If your daemon provides services to other local processes or
           remote clients via a socket, it should be made socket-activatable
           following the scheme pointed out below. Like D-Bus activation,
           this enables on-demand starting of services as well as it allows
           improved parallelization of service start-up. Also, for
           state-less protocols (such as syslog, DNS), a daemon implementing
           socket-based activation can be restarted without losing a single
           request. See below for details.
        9. If applicable, a daemon should notify the init system about
           startup completion or status updates via the sd_notify(3)
           interface.
       10. Instead of using the syslog() call to log directly to the system
           syslog service, a new-style daemon may choose to simply log to
           standard error via fprintf(), which is then forwarded to syslog
           by the init system. If log levels are necessary, these can be
           encoded by prefixing individual log lines with strings like "<4>"
           (for log level 4 "WARNING" in the syslog priority scheme),
           following a similar style as the Linux kernel's printk() level
           system. For details, see sd-daemon(3) and systemd.exec(5).
       These recommendations are similar but not identical to the Apple
       MacOS X Daemon Requirements[2].
