
       The dd utility shall copy the specified input file to the specified
       output file with possible conversions using specific input and output
       block sizes. It shall read the input one block at a time, using the
       specified input block size; it shall then process the block of data
       actually returned, which could be smaller than the requested block
       size. It shall apply any conversions that have been specified and
       write the resulting data to the output in blocks of the specified
       output block size. If the bs=expr operand is specified and no
       conversions other than sync, noerror, or notrunc are requested, the
       data returned from each input block shall be written as a separate
       output block; if the read returns less than a full block and the sync
       conversion is not specified, the resulting output block shall be the
       same size as the input block. If the bs=expr operand is not
       specified, or a conversion other than sync, noerror, or notrunc is
       requested, the input shall be processed and collected into full-sized
       output blocks until the end of the input is reached.
       The processing order shall be as follows:
        1. An input block is read.
        2. If the input block is shorter than the specified input block size
           and the sync conversion is specified, null bytes shall be
           appended to the input data up to the specified size. (If either
           block or unblock is also specified, <space> characters shall be
           appended instead of null bytes.) The remaining conversions and
           output shall include the pad characters as if they had been read
           from the input.
        3. If the bs=expr operand is specified and no conversion other than
           sync or noerror is requested, the resulting data shall be written
           to the output as a single block, and the remaining steps are
           omitted.
        4. If the swab conversion is specified, each pair of input data
           bytes shall be swapped. If there is an odd number of bytes in the
           input block, the last byte in the input record shall not be
           swapped.
        5. Any remaining conversions (block, unblock, lcase, and ucase)
           shall be performed. These conversions shall operate on the input
           data independently of the input blocking; an input or output
           fixed-length record may span block boundaries.
        6. The data resulting from input or conversion or both shall be
           aggregated into output blocks of the specified size. After the
           end of input is reached, any remaining output shall be written as
           a block without padding if conv=sync is not specified; thus, the
           final output block may be shorter than the output block size.
