
       The symbol files are shipped in Debian binary packages, and its
       format is a subset of the template symbol files used by
       dpkg-gensymbols(1) in Debian source packages.
       The format for an extended shared library dependency information
       entry in these files is:
       library-soname main-dependency-template
       [| alternative-dependency-template]
       [...]
       [* field-name: field-value]
       [...]
        symbol minimal-version [id-of-dependency-template]
       The library-soname is exactly the value of the SONAME field as
       exported by objdump(1). A dependency-template is a dependency where
       #MINVER# is dynamically replaced either by a version check like “(>=
       minimal-version)” or by nothing (if an unversioned dependency is
       deemed sufficient).
       Each exported symbol (listed as name@version, with version being
       “Base” if the library is not versioned) is associated to a minimal-
       version of its dependency template (the main dependency template is
       always used and will end up being combined with the dependency
       template referenced by id-of-dependency-template if present). The
       first alternative dependency template is numbered 1, the second one
       2, etc.
       Each entry for a library can also have some fields of meta-
       information.  Those fields are stored on lines starting with an
       asterisk. Currently, the only valid fields are:
       Build-Depends-Package
              It indicates the name of the “-dev” package associated to the
              library and is used by dpkg-shlibdeps to make sure that the
              dependency generated is at least as strict as the
              corresponding build dependency (since dpkg 1.14.13).
       Ignore-Blacklist-Groups
              It indicates what blacklist groups should be ignored, as a
              whitespace separated list, so that the symbols contained in
              those groups get included in the output file (since dpkg
              1.17.6).  This should only be necessary for toolchain packages
              providing those blacklisted symbols. The available groups are
              system dependent, for ELF and GNU-based systems these are
              aeabi and gomp.
