
       A package declares its relationship to some trigger(s) by including a
       triggers file in its control archive (i.e. DEBIAN/triggers during
       package creation).
       This file contains directives, one per line. Leading and trailing
       whitespace and everything after the first # on any line will be
       trimmed, and empty lines will be ignored.
       The trigger control directives currently supported are:
       interest trigger-name
       interest-await trigger-name
       interest-noawait trigger-name
              Specifies that the package is interested in the named trigger.
              All triggers in which a package is interested must be listed
              using this directive in the triggers control file. The
              “noawait” variant does not put the triggering packages in
              triggers-awaited state. This should be used when the
              functionality provided by the trigger is not crucial.
       activate trigger-name
       activate-await trigger-name
       activate-noawait trigger-name
              Arranges that changes to this package's state will activate
              the specified trigger. The trigger will be activated at the
              start of the following operations: unpack, configure, remove
              (including for the benefit of a conflicting package), purge
              and deconfigure.  The “noawait” variant does not put the
              triggering packages in triggers-awaited state. This should be
              used when the functionality provided by the trigger is not
              crucial.
              If this package disappears during the unpacking of another
              package the trigger will be activated when the disappearance
              is noted towards the end of the unpack. Trigger processing,
              and transition from triggers-awaited to installed, does not
              cause activations.  In the case of unpack, triggers mentioned
              in both the old and new versions of the package will be
              activated.
       Unknown directives are an error which will prevent installation of
       the package.
       The “-noawait” variants should always be favored when possible since
       triggering packages are not put in triggers-awaited state and can
       thus be immediately configured without requiring the processing of
       the trigger.  If the triggering packages are dependencies of other
       upgraded packages, it will avoid an early trigger processing run and
       make it possible to run the trigger only once as one of the last
       steps of the upgrade.
       The “-noawait” variants are only supported since dpkg 1.16.1, and
       will lead to errors if used with an older dpkg. It is thus
       recommended to add a “Pre-Depends: dpkg (>= 1.16.1)” to any package
       that wish to use those directives.
       The “-await” alias variants are only supported since dpkg 1.17.21,
       and will lead to errors if used with an older dpkg. It is thus
       recommended to add a “Pre-Depends: dpkg (>= 1.17.21)” to any package
       that wish to use those directives.
