
       dh_installman is a debhelper program that handles installing man
       pages into the correct locations in package build directories.
       In compat 10 and earlier, this program was primarily for when
       upstream's build system does not properly install them as a part of
       its install step (or it does not have an install step).  In compat 11
       and later, it supports the same features of dh_install(1) and has the
       advantage that it respects the nodoc build profile (unlike
       dh_install(1)).
       Even if you prefer to use dh_install(1) for installing the manpages,
       dh_installman can still be useful for converting the manpage encoding
       to UTF-8 and for converting .so links (as described below).  However,
       that part happens automatically without any explicit configuration.
       You tell dh_installman what man pages go in your packages, and it
       figures out where to install them based on the section field in their
       .TH or .Dt line. If you have a properly formatted .TH or .Dt line,
       your man page will be installed into the right directory, with the
       right name (this includes proper handling of pages with a subsection,
       like 3perl, which are placed in man3, and given an extension of
       .3perl). If your .TH or .Dt line is incorrect or missing, the program
       may guess wrong based on the file extension.
       It also supports translated man pages, by looking for extensions like
       .ll.8 and .ll_LL.8, or by use of the --language switch.
       If dh_installman seems to install a man page into the wrong section
       or with the wrong extension, this is because the man page has the
       wrong section listed in its .TH or .Dt line. Edit the man page and
       correct the section, and dh_installman will follow suit. See man(7)
       for details about the .TH section, and mdoc(7) for the .Dt section.
       If dh_installman seems to install a man page into a directory like
       /usr/share/man/pl/man1/, that is because your program has a name like
       foo.pl, and dh_installman assumes that means it is translated into
       Polish. Use --language=C to avoid this.
       After the man page installation step, dh_installman will check to see
       if any of the man pages in the temporary directories of any of the
       packages it is acting on contain .so links. If so, it changes them to
       symlinks.
       Also, dh_installman will use man to guess the character encoding of
       each manual page and convert it to UTF-8. If the guesswork fails for
       some reason, you can override it using an encoding declaration. See
       manconv(1) for details.
