
       eventfd() creates an "eventfd object" that can be used as an event
       wait/notify mechanism by user-space applications, and by the kernel
       to notify user-space applications of events.  The object contains an
       unsigned 64-bit integer (uint64_t) counter that is maintained by the
       kernel.  This counter is initialized with the value specified in the
       argument initval.
       The following values may be bitwise ORed in flags to change the
       behavior of eventfd():
       EFD_CLOEXEC (since Linux 2.6.27)
              Set the close-on-exec (FD_CLOEXEC) flag on the new file
              descriptor.  See the description of the O_CLOEXEC flag in
              open(2) for reasons why this may be useful.
       EFD_NONBLOCK (since Linux 2.6.27)
              Set the O_NONBLOCK file status flag on the new open file
              description.  Using this flag saves extra calls to fcntl(2) to
              achieve the same result.
       EFD_SEMAPHORE (since Linux 2.6.30)
              Provide semaphore-like semantics for reads from the new file
              descriptor.  See below.
       In Linux up to version 2.6.26, the flags argument is unused, and must
       be specified as zero.
       As its return value, eventfd() returns a new file descriptor that can
       be used to refer to the eventfd object.  The following operations can
       be performed on the file descriptor:
       read(2)
              Each successful read(2) returns an 8-byte integer.  A read(2)
              fails with the error EINVAL if the size of the supplied buffer
              is less than 8 bytes.
              The value returned by read(2) is in host byte order—that is,
              the native byte order for integers on the host machine.
              The semantics of read(2) depend on whether the eventfd counter
              currently has a nonzero value and whether the EFD_SEMAPHORE
              flag was specified when creating the eventfd file descriptor:
              *  If EFD_SEMAPHORE was not specified and the eventfd counter
                 has a nonzero value, then a read(2) returns 8 bytes
                 containing that value, and the counter's value is reset to
                 zero.
              *  If EFD_SEMAPHORE was specified and the eventfd counter has
                 a nonzero value, then a read(2) returns 8 bytes containing
                 the value 1, and the counter's value is decremented by 1.
              *  If the eventfd counter is zero at the time of the call to
                 read(2), then the call either blocks until the counter
                 becomes nonzero (at which time, the read(2) proceeds as
                 described above) or fails with the error EAGAIN if the file
                 descriptor has been made nonblocking.
       write(2)
              A write(2) call adds the 8-byte integer value supplied in its
              buffer to the counter.  The maximum value that may be stored
              in the counter is the largest unsigned 64-bit value minus 1
              (i.e., 0xfffffffffffffffe).  If the addition would cause the
              counter's value to exceed the maximum, then the write(2)
              either blocks until a read(2) is performed on the file
              descriptor, or fails with the error EAGAIN if the file
              descriptor has been made nonblocking.
              A write(2) fails with the error EINVAL if the size of the
              supplied buffer is less than 8 bytes, or if an attempt is made
              to write the value 0xffffffffffffffff.
       poll(2), select(2) (and similar)
              The returned file descriptor supports poll(2) (and analogously
              epoll(7)) and select(2), as follows:
              *  The file descriptor is readable (the select(2) readfds
                 argument; the poll(2) POLLIN flag) if the counter has a
                 value greater than 0.
              *  The file descriptor is writable (the select(2) writefds
                 argument; the poll(2) POLLOUT flag) if it is possible to
                 write a value of at least "1" without blocking.
              *  If an overflow of the counter value was detected, then
                 select(2) indicates the file descriptor as being both
                 readable and writable, and poll(2) returns a POLLERR event.
                 As noted above, write(2) can never overflow the counter.
                 However an overflow can occur if 2^64 eventfd "signal
                 posts" were performed by the KAIO subsystem (theoretically
                 possible, but practically unlikely).  If an overflow has
                 occurred, then read(2) will return that maximum uint64_t
                 value (i.e., 0xffffffffffffffff).
              The eventfd file descriptor also supports the other file-
              descriptor multiplexing APIs: pselect(2) and ppoll(2).
       close(2)
              When the file descriptor is no longer required it should be
              closed.  When all file descriptors associated with the same
              eventfd object have been closed, the resources for object are
              freed by the kernel.
       A copy of the file descriptor created by eventfd() is inherited by
       the child produced by fork(2).  The duplicate file descriptor is
       associated with the same eventfd object.  File descriptors created by
       eventfd() are preserved across execve(2), unless the close-on-exec
       flag has been set.
