
       fd special files access the floppy disk drives in raw mode.  The
       following ioctl(2) calls are supported by fd devices:
       FDCLRPRM
              clears the media information of a drive (geometry of disk in
              drive).
       FDSETPRM
              sets the media information of a drive.  The media information
              will be lost when the media is changed.
       FDDEFPRM
              sets the media information of a drive (geometry of disk in
              drive).  The media information will not be lost when the media
              is changed.  This will disable autodetection.  In order to
              reenable autodetection, you have to issue an FDCLRPRM.
       FDGETDRVTYP
              returns the type of a drive (name parameter).  For formats
              which work in several drive types, FDGETDRVTYP returns a name
              which is appropriate for the oldest drive type which supports
              this format.
       FDFLUSH
              invalidates the buffer cache for the given drive.
       FDSETMAXERRS
              sets the error thresholds for reporting errors, aborting the
              operation, recalibrating, resetting, and reading sector by
              sector.
       FDSETMAXERRS
              gets the current error thresholds.
       FDGETDRVTYP
              gets the internal name of the drive.
       FDWERRORCLR
              clears the write error statistics.
       FDWERRORGET
              reads the write error statistics.  These include the total
              number of write errors, the location and disk of the first
              write error, and the location and disk of the last write
              error.  Disks are identified by a generation number which is
              incremented at (almost) each disk change.
       FDTWADDLE
              Switch the drive motor off for a few microseconds.  This might
              be needed in order to access a disk whose sectors are too
              close together.
       FDSETDRVPRM
              sets various drive parameters.
       FDGETDRVPRM
              reads these parameters back.
       FDGETDRVSTAT
              gets the cached drive state (disk changed, write protected et
              al.)
       FDPOLLDRVSTAT
              polls the drive and return its state.
       FDGETFDCSTAT
              gets the floppy controller state.
       FDRESET
              resets the floppy controller under certain conditions.
       FDRAWCMD
              sends a raw command to the floppy controller.
       For more precise information, consult also the <linux/fd.h> and
       <linux/fdreg.h> include files, as well as the floppycontrol(1) manual
       page.
