
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The <fenv.h> header shall define the following data types through
       typedef:
       fenv_t    Represents the entire floating-point environment. The
                 floating-point environment refers collectively to any
                 floating-point status flags and control modes supported by
                 the implementation.
       fexcept_t Represents the floating-point status flags collectively,
                 including any status the implementation associates with the
                 flags. A floating-point status flag is a system variable
                 whose value is set (but never cleared) when a floating-
                 point exception is raised, which occurs as a side-effect of
                 exceptional floating-point arithmetic to provide auxiliary
                 information. A floating-point control mode is a system
                 variable whose value may be set by the user to affect the
                 subsequent behavior of floating-point arithmetic.
       The <fenv.h> header shall define each of the following macros if and
       only if the implementation supports the floating-point exception by
       means of the floating-point functions feclearexcept(),
       fegetexceptflag(), feraiseexcept(), fesetexceptflag(), and
       fetestexcept().  The defined macros shall expand to integer constant
       expressions with values that are bitwise-distinct.
              FE_DIVBYZERO FE_INEXACT FE_INVALID FE_OVERFLOW FE_UNDERFLOW
       If the implementation supports the IEC 60559 Floating-Point option,
       all five macros shall be defined.  Additional implementation-defined
       floating-point exceptions with macros beginning with FE_ and an
       uppercase letter may also be specified by the implementation.
       The <fenv.h> header shall define the macro FE_ALL_EXCEPT as the
       bitwise-inclusive OR of all floating-point exception macros defined
       by the implementation, if any. If no such macros are defined, then
       the macro FE_ALL_EXCEPT shall be defined as zero.
       The <fenv.h> header shall define each of the following macros if and
       only if the implementation supports getting and setting the
       represented rounding direction by means of the fegetround() and
       fesetround() functions. The defined macros shall expand to integer
       constant expressions whose values are distinct non-negative values.
              FE_DOWNWARD FE_TONEAREST FE_TOWARDZERO FE_UPWARD
       If the implementation supports the IEC 60559 Floating-Point option,
       all four macros shall be defined.  Additional implementation-defined
       rounding directions with macros beginning with FE_ and an uppercase
       letter may also be specified by the implementation.
       The <fenv.h> header shall define the following macro, which
       represents the default floating-point environment (that is, the one
       installed at program startup) and has type pointer to const-qualified
       fenv_t.  It can be used as an argument to the functions within the
       <fenv.h> header that manage the floating-point environment.
              FE_DFL_ENV
       The following shall be declared as functions and may also be defined
       as macros. Function prototypes shall be provided.
           int  feclearexcept(int);
           int  fegetenv(fenv_t *);
           int  fegetexceptflag(fexcept_t *, int);
           int  fegetround(void);
           int  feholdexcept(fenv_t *);
           int  feraiseexcept(int);
           int  fesetenv(const fenv_t *);
           int  fesetexceptflag(const fexcept_t *, int);
           int  fesetround(int);
           int  fetestexcept(int);
           int  feupdateenv(const fenv_t *);
       The FENV_ACCESS pragma provides a means to inform the implementation
       when an application might access the floating-point environment to
       test floating-point status flags or run under non-default floating-
       point control modes. The pragma shall occur either outside external
       declarations or preceding all explicit declarations and statements
       inside a compound statement. When outside external declarations, the
       pragma takes effect from its occurrence until another FENV_ACCESS
       pragma is encountered, or until the end of the translation unit. When
       inside a compound statement, the pragma takes effect from its
       occurrence until another FENV_ACCESS pragma is encountered (including
       within a nested compound statement), or until the end of the compound
       statement; at the end of a compound statement the state for the
       pragma is restored to its condition just before the compound
       statement. If this pragma is used in any other context, the behavior
       is undefined. If part of an application tests floating-point status
       flags, sets floating-point control modes, or runs under non-default
       mode settings, but was translated with the state for the FENV_ACCESS
       pragma off, the behavior is undefined. The default state (on or off)
       for the pragma is implementation-defined. (When execution passes from
       a part of the application translated with FENV_ACCESS off to a part
       translated with FENV_ACCESS on, the state of the floating-point
       status flags is unspecified and the floating-point control modes have
       their default settings.)
       The following sections are informative.
