
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The fseek() function shall set the file-position indicator for the
       stream pointed to by stream.  If a read or write error occurs, the
       error indicator for the stream shall be set and fseek() fails.
       The new position, measured in bytes from the beginning of the file,
       shall be obtained by adding offset to the position specified by
       whence.  The specified point is the beginning of the file for
       SEEK_SET, the current value of the file-position indicator for
       SEEK_CUR, or end-of-file for SEEK_END.
       If the stream is to be used with wide-character input/output
       functions, the application shall ensure that offset is either 0 or a
       value returned by an earlier call to ftell() on the same stream and
       whence is SEEK_SET.
       A successful call to fseek() shall clear the end-of-file indicator
       for the stream and undo any effects of ungetc() and ungetwc() on the
       same stream. After an fseek() call, the next operation on an update
       stream may be either input or output.
       If the most recent operation, other than ftell(), on a given stream
       is fflush(), the file offset in the underlying open file description
       shall be adjusted to reflect the location specified by fseek().
       The fseek() function shall allow the file-position indicator to be
       set beyond the end of existing data in the file. If data is later
       written at this point, subsequent reads of data in the gap shall
       return bytes with the value 0 until data is actually written into the
       gap.
       The behavior of fseek() on devices which are incapable of seeking is
       implementation-defined.  The value of the file offset associated with
       such a device is undefined.
       If the stream is writable and buffered data had not been written to
       the underlying file, fseek() shall cause the unwritten data to be
       written to the file and shall mark the last data modification and
       last file status change timestamps of the file for update.
       In a locale with state-dependent encoding, whether fseek() restores
       the stream's shift state is implementation-defined.
       The fseeko() function shall be equivalent to the fseek() function
       except that the offset argument is of type off_t.
