
       ganglia2pcp is intended to read a set of ganglia files stored in the
       rrd format and translate them into a Performance Co-Pilot (PCP)
       archive with the basename outfile.
       The intent of this converter is to take all of the rrd files found in
       the input_dir and generate a single pcp archive file.  The mapping of
       ganglia metrics to pcp metrics is defined internally.
       The resultant PCP achive may be used with all the PCP client tools to
       graph subsets of the data using pmchart(1), perform data reduction
       and reporting, filter with the PCP inference engine pmie(1), etc.
       A series of physical files will be created with the prefix outfile.
       These are outfile.0 (the performance data), outfile.meta (the
       metadata that describes the performance data) and outfile.index (a
       temporal index to improve efficiency of replay operations for the
       archive).  If any of these files exists already, then sar2pcp will
       not overwrite them and will exit with an error message of the form
       __pmLogNewFile: ``blah.0'' already exists, not over-written
       ganglia2pcp is a Perl script that uses the PCP::LogImport Perl
       wrapper around the PCP libpcp_import library, and as such could be
       used as an example to develop new tools to import other types of
       performance data and create PCP archives.  The RRDs Perl wrapper is
       used to parse the raw rrd format files.
       Options control the functioning of the converter.
       -s   The start argument specifies a start time in a format understood
            by str2time. The default start time is 24 prior to current time.
       -e   The end argument specifies a end time in a format understood by
            str2time. The default start time is current time.
       -f   The outfile argument specifies a output file name.  The default
            name is in the standard pmlogger format based on the start time,
            eg 20150201.00.10
       -d   The outdir argument specifies a output to write to.  The default
            is the current directory
       -Z   The timezone argument sets the source timezone in the PCP
            archive (the default is to use the local timezone).  The
            timezone must have the format +HHMM (for hours and minutes East
            of UTC) or -HHMM (for hours and minutes West of UTC) or UTC.
            Note in particular that neither the zoneinfo (aka Olson) format,
            e.g. Europe/Paris, nor the Posix TZ format, e.g.  EST+5 is
            allowed.  Example: timezone=``+1100''.
       -h   The hostname argument specifies a hostname to write to the
            archive. The default is taken from the directory name that the
            rrd files reside in.
