
       The function getdate() converts a string representation of a date and
       time, contained in the buffer pointed to by string, into a broken-
       down time.  The broken-down time is stored in a tm structure, and a
       pointer to this structure is returned as the function result.  This
       tm structure is allocated in static storage, and consequently it will
       be overwritten by further calls to getdate().
       In contrast to strptime(3), (which has a format argument), getdate()
       uses the formats found in the file whose full pathname is given in
       the environment variable DATEMSK.  The first line in the file that
       matches the given input string is used for the conversion.
       The matching is done case insensitively.  Superfluous whitespace,
       either in the pattern or in the string to be converted, is ignored.
       The conversion specifications that a pattern can contain are those
       given for strptime(3).  One more conversion specification is
       specified in POSIX.1-2001:
       %Z     Timezone name.  This is not implemented in glibc.
       When %Z is given, the structure containing the broken-down time is
       initialized with values corresponding to the current time in the
       given timezone.  Otherwise, the structure is initialized to the
       broken-down time corresponding to the current local time (as by a
       call to localtime(3)).
       When only the day of the week is given, the day is taken to be the
       first such day on or after today.
       When only the month is given (and no year), the month is taken to be
       the first such month equal to or after the current month.  If no day
       is given, it is the first day of the month.
       When no hour, minute and second are given, the current hour, minute
       and second are taken.
       If no date is given, but we know the hour, then that hour is taken to
       be the first such hour equal to or after the current hour.
       getdate_r() is a GNU extension that provides a reentrant version of
       getdate().  Rather than using a global variable to report errors and
       a static buffer to return the broken down time, it returns errors via
       the function result value, and returns the resulting broken-down time
       in the caller-allocated buffer pointed to by the argument res.
