
       For each file, getfacl displays the file name, owner, the group, and
       the Access Control List (ACL). If a directory has a default ACL,
       getfacl also displays the default ACL. Non-directories cannot have
       default ACLs.
       If getfacl is used on a file system that does not support ACLs,
       getfacl displays the access permissions defined by the traditional
       file mode permission bits.
       The output format of getfacl is as follows:
               1:  # file: somedir/
               2:  # owner: lisa
               3:  # group: staff
               4:  # flags: -s-
               5:  user::rwx
               6:  user:joe:rwx               #effective:r-x
               7:  group::rwx                 #effective:r-x
               8:  group:cool:r-x
               9:  mask::r-x
              10:  other::r-x
              11:  default:user::rwx
              12:  default:user:joe:rwx       #effective:r-x
              13:  default:group::r-x
              14:  default:mask::r-x
              15:  default:other::---
       Lines 1--3 indicate the file name, owner, and owning group.
       Line 4 indicates the setuid (s), setgid (s), and sticky (t) bits:
       either the letter representing the bit, or else a dash (-). This line
       is included if any of those bits is set and left out otherwise, so it
       will not be shown for most files. (See CONFORMANCE TO POSIX 1003.1e
       DRAFT STANDARD 17 below.)
       Lines 5, 7 and 10 correspond to the user, group and other fields of
       the file mode permission bits. These three are called the base ACL
       entries. Lines 6 and 8 are named user and named group entries. Line 9
       is the effective rights mask. This entry limits the effective rights
       granted to all groups and to named users. (The file owner and others
       permissions are not affected by the effective rights mask; all other
       entries are.)  Lines 11--15 display the default ACL associated with
       this directory. Directories may have a default ACL. Regular files
       never have a default ACL.
       The default behavior for getfacl is to display both the ACL and the
       default ACL, and to include an effective rights comment for lines
       where the rights of the entry differ from the effective rights.
       If output is to a terminal, the effective rights comment is aligned
       to column 40. Otherwise, a single tab character separates the ACL
       entry and the effective rights comment.
       The ACL listings of multiple files are separated by blank lines.  The
       output of getfacl can also be used as input to setfacl.
   PERMISSIONS
       Process with search access to a file (i.e., processes with read
       access to the containing directory of a file) are also granted read
       access to the file's ACLs.  This is analogous to the permissions
       required for accessing the file mode.
