
       The getitimer() function shall store the current value of the timer
       specified by which into the structure pointed to by value.  The
       setitimer() function shall set the timer specified by which to the
       value specified in the structure pointed to by value, and if ovalue
       is not a null pointer, store the previous value of the timer in the
       structure pointed to by ovalue.
       A timer value is defined by the itimerval structure, specified in
       <sys/time.h>.  If it_value is non-zero, it shall indicate the time to
       the next timer expiration.  If it_interval is non-zero, it shall
       specify a value to be used in reloading it_value when the timer
       expires. Setting it_value to 0 shall disable a timer, regardless of
       the value of it_interval.  Setting it_interval to 0 shall disable a
       timer after its next expiration (assuming it_value is non-zero).
       Implementations may place limitations on the granularity of timer
       values. For each interval timer, if the requested timer value
       requires a finer granularity than the implementation supports, the
       actual timer value shall be rounded up to the next supported value.
       An XSI-conforming implementation provides each process with at least
       three interval timers, which are indicated by the which argument:
       ITIMER_PROF   Decrements both in process virtual time and when the
                     system is running on behalf of the process. It is
                     designed to be used by interpreters in statistically
                     profiling the execution of interpreted programs. Each
                     time the ITIMER_PROF timer expires, the SIGPROF signal
                     is delivered.
       ITIMER_REAL   Decrements in real time. A SIGALRM signal is delivered
                     when this timer expires.
       ITIMER_VIRTUAL
                     Decrements in process virtual time. It runs only when
                     the process is executing. A SIGVTALRM signal is
                     delivered when it expires.
       The interaction between setitimer() and alarm() or sleep() is
       unspecified.
