
       The getnameinfo() function is the inverse of getaddrinfo(3): it
       converts a socket address to a corresponding host and service, in a
       protocol-independent manner.  It combines the functionality of
       gethostbyaddr(3) and getservbyport(3), but unlike those functions,
       getnameinfo() is reentrant and allows programs to eliminate
       IPv4-versus-IPv6 dependencies.
       The addr argument is a pointer to a generic socket address structure
       (of type sockaddr_in or sockaddr_in6) of size addrlen that holds the
       input IP address and port number.  The arguments host and serv are
       pointers to caller-allocated buffers (of size hostlen and servlen
       respectively) into which getnameinfo() places null-terminated strings
       containing the host and service names respectively.
       The caller can specify that no hostname (or no service name) is
       required by providing a NULL host (or serv) argument or a zero
       hostlen (or servlen) argument.  However, at least one of hostname or
       service name must be requested.
       The flags argument modifies the behavior of getnameinfo() as follows:
       NI_NAMEREQD
              If set, then an error is returned if the hostname cannot be
              determined.
       NI_DGRAM
              If set, then the service is datagram (UDP) based rather than
              stream (TCP) based.  This is required for the few ports
              (512–514) that have different services for UDP and TCP.
       NI_NOFQDN
              If set, return only the hostname part of the fully qualified
              domain name for local hosts.
       NI_NUMERICHOST
              If set, then the numeric form of the hostname is returned.
              (When not set, this will still happen in case the node's name
              cannot be determined.)
       NI_NUMERICSERV
              If set, then the numeric form of the service address is
              returned.  (When not set, this will still happen in case the
              service's name cannot be determined.)
   Extensions to getnameinfo() for Internationalized Domain Names
       Starting with glibc 2.3.4, getnameinfo() has been extended to
       selectively allow hostnames to be transparently converted to and from
       the Internationalized Domain Name (IDN) format (see RFC 3490,
       Internationalizing Domain Names in Applications (IDNA)).  Three new
       flags are defined:
       NI_IDN If this flag is used, then the name found in the lookup
              process is converted from IDN format to the locale's encoding
              if necessary.  ASCII-only names are not affected by the
              conversion, which makes this flag usable in existing programs
              and environments.
       NI_IDN_ALLOW_UNASSIGNED, NI_IDN_USE_STD3_ASCII_RULES
              Setting these flags will enable the IDNA_ALLOW_UNASSIGNED
              (allow unassigned Unicode code points) and
              IDNA_USE_STD3_ASCII_RULES (check output to make sure it is a
              STD3 conforming hostname) flags respectively to be used in the
              IDNA handling.
