
       The getnameinfo() function shall translate a socket address to a node
       name and service location, all of which are defined as in
       freeaddrinfo(3p).
       The sa argument points to a socket address structure to be
       translated. The salen argument contains the length of the address
       pointed to by sa.
       If the socket address structure contains an IPv4-mapped IPv6 address
       or an IPv4-compatible IPv6 address, the implementation shall extract
       the embedded IPv4 address and lookup the node name for that IPv4
       address.
       If the address is the IPv6 unspecified address ("::"), a lookup shall
       not be performed and the behavior shall be the same as when the
       node's name cannot be located.
       If the node argument is non-NULL and the nodelen argument is non-
       zero, then the node argument points to a buffer able to contain up to
       nodelen bytes that receives the node name as a null-terminated
       string. If the node argument is NULL or the nodelen argument is zero,
       the node name shall not be returned. If the node's name cannot be
       located, the numeric form of the address contained in the socket
       address structure pointed to by the sa argument is returned instead
       of its name.
       If the service argument is non-NULL and the servicelen argument is
       non-zero, then the service argument points to a buffer able to
       contain up to servicelen bytes that receives the service name as a
       null-terminated string.  If the service argument is NULL or the
       servicelen argument is zero, the service name shall not be returned.
       If the service's name cannot be located, the numeric form of the
       service address (for example, its port number) shall be returned
       instead of its name.
       The flags argument is a flag that changes the default actions of the
       function. By default the fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) for the
       host shall be returned, but:
        *  If the flag bit NI_NOFQDN is set, only the node name portion of
           the FQDN shall be returned for local hosts.
        *  If the flag bit NI_NUMERICHOST is set, the numeric form of the
           address contained in the socket address structure pointed to by
           the sa argument shall be returned instead of its name.
        *  If the flag bit NI_NAMEREQD is set, an error shall be returned if
           the host's name cannot be located.
        *  If the flag bit NI_NUMERICSERV is set, the numeric form of the
           service address shall be returned (for example, its port number)
           instead of its name.
        *  If the flag bit NI_NUMERICSCOPE is set, the numeric form of the
           scope identifier shall be returned (for example, interface index)
           instead of its name. This flag shall be ignored if the sa
           argument is not an IPv6 address.
        *  If the flag bit NI_DGRAM is set, this indicates that the service
           is a datagram service (SOCK_DGRAM). The default behavior shall
           assume that the service is a stream service (SOCK_STREAM).
       Notes:
                  1. The two NI_NUMERICxxx flags are required to support the
                     −n flag that many commands provide.
                  2. The NI_DGRAM flag is required for the few AF_INET and
                     AF_INET6 port numbers (for example, [512,514]) that
                     represent different services for UDP and TCP.
       The getnameinfo() function shall be thread-safe.
