
       These functions shall retrieve information about network services.
       This information is considered to be stored in a database that can be
       accessed sequentially or randomly. The implementation of this
       database is unspecified.
       The setservent() function shall open a connection to the database,
       and set the next entry to the first entry. If the stayopen argument
       is non-zero, the net database shall not be closed after each call to
       the getservent() function (either directly, or indirectly through one
       of the other getserv*() functions), and the implementation may
       maintain an open file descriptor for the database.
       The getservent() function shall read the next entry of the database,
       opening and closing a connection to the database as necessary.
       The getservbyname() function shall search the database from the
       beginning and find the first entry for which the service name
       specified by name matches the s_name member and the protocol name
       specified by proto matches the s_proto member, opening and closing a
       connection to the database as necessary.  If proto is a null pointer,
       any value of the s_proto member shall be matched.
       The getservbyport() function shall search the database from the
       beginning and find the first entry for which the port specified by
       port matches the s_port member and the protocol name specified by
       proto matches the s_proto member, opening and closing a connection to
       the database as necessary.  If proto is a null pointer, any value of
       the s_proto member shall be matched. The port argument shall be a
       value obtained by converting a uint16_t in network byte order to int.
       The getservbyname(), getservbyport(), and getservent() functions
       shall each return a pointer to a servent structure, the members of
       which shall contain the fields of an entry in the network services
       database.
       The endservent() function shall close the database, releasing any
       open file descriptor.
       These functions need not be thread-safe.
