
       Imports a project from one or more Arch repositories. It will follow
       branches and repositories within the namespaces defined by the
       <archive/branch> parameters supplied. If it cannot find the remote
       branch a merge comes from it will just import it as a regular commit.
       If it can find it, it will mark it as a merge whenever possible (see
       discussion below).
       The script expects you to provide the key roots where it can start
       the import from an initial import or tag type of Arch commit. It will
       follow and import new branches within the provided roots.
       It expects to be dealing with one project only. If it sees branches
       that have different roots, it will refuse to run. In that case, edit
       your <archive/branch> parameters to define clearly the scope of the
       import.
       git archimport uses tla extensively in the background to access the
       Arch repository. Make sure you have a recent version of tla available
       in the path. tla must know about the repositories you pass to git
       archimport.
       For the initial import, git archimport expects to find itself in an
       empty directory. To follow the development of a project that uses
       Arch, rerun git archimport with the same parameters as the initial
       import to perform incremental imports.
       While git archimport will try to create sensible branch names for the
       archives that it imports, it is also possible to specify Git branch
       names manually. To do so, write a Git branch name after each
       <archive/branch> parameter, separated by a colon. This way, you can
       shorten the Arch branch names and convert Arch jargon to Git jargon,
       for example mapping a "PROJECT--devo--VERSION" branch to "master".
       Associating multiple Arch branches to one Git branch is possible; the
       result will make the most sense only if no commits are made to the
       first branch, after the second branch is created. Still, this is
       useful to convert Arch repositories that had been rotated
       periodically.
