
       Sets priorities for the ciphers, key exchange methods, and macs.  The
       priority_cache should be deinitialized using
       gnutls_priority_deinit().
       The priorities option allows you to specify a colon separated list of
       the cipher priorities to enable.  Some keywords are defined to
       provide quick access to common preferences.
       Unless there is a special need, use the "NORMAL" keyword to apply a
       reasonable security level, or "NORMAL:%COMPAT" for compatibility.
       "PERFORMANCE" means all the "secure" ciphersuites are enabled,
       limited to 128 bit ciphers and sorted by terms of speed performance.
       "LEGACY" the NORMAL settings for GnuTLS 3.2.x or earlier. There is no
       verification profile set, and the allowed DH primes are considered
       weak today.
       "NORMAL" means all "secure" ciphersuites. The 256-bit ciphers are
       included as a fallback only.  The ciphers are sorted by security
       margin.
       "PFS" means all "secure" ciphersuites that support perfect forward
       secrecy.  The 256-bit ciphers are included as a fallback only.  The
       ciphers are sorted by security margin.
       "SECURE128" means all "secure" ciphersuites of security level 128-bit
       or more.
       "SECURE192" means all "secure" ciphersuites of security level 192-bit
       or more.
       "SUITEB128" means all the NSA SuiteB ciphersuites with security level
       of 128.
       "SUITEB192" means all the NSA SuiteB ciphersuites with security level
       of 192.
       "NONE" means nothing is enabled.  This disables everything, including
       protocols.
       "@KEYWORD1,KEYWORD2,..." The system administrator imposed settings.
       The provided keyword(s) will be expanded from a configuration-time
       provided file - default is: /etc/gnutls/default-priorities.  Any
       attributes that follow it, will be appended to the expanded string.
       If multiple keywords are provided, separated by commas, then the
       first keyword that exists in the configuration file will be used. At
       least one of the keywords must exist, or this function will return an
       error. Typical usage would be to specify an application specified
       keyword first, followed by "SYSTEM" as a default fallback. e.g., "
       LIBVIRT ,SYSTEM:!-VERS-SSL3.0" will first try to find a config file
       entry matching "LIBVIRT", but if that does not exist will use the
       entry for "SYSTEM". If "SYSTEM" does not exist either, an error will
       be returned. In all cases, the SSL3.0 protocol will be disabled. The
       system priority file entries should be formatted as "KEYWORD=VALUE",
       e.g., "SYSTEM=NORMAL:+ARCFOUR-128".
       Special keywords are "!", "-" and "+".  "!" or "-" appended with an
       algorithm will remove this algorithm.  "+" appended with an algorithm
       will add this algorithm.
       Check the GnuTLS manual section "Priority strings" for detailed
       information.
