
       grotty translates the output of GNU troff into a form suitable for
       typewriter-like devices.  Normally grotty should be invoked by using
       the groff command with a -Tascii, -Tlatin1 or -Tutf8 option on ASCII
       based systems, and with -Tcp1047 and -Tutf8 on EBCDIC based hosts.
       If no files are given, grotty reads the standard input.  A filename
       of - also causes grotty to read the standard input.  Output is
       written to the standard output.
       By default, grotty emits SGR escape sequences (from ISO 6429, also
       called ANSI color escapes) to change text attributes (bold, italic,
       colors).  This makes it possible to have eight different background
       and foreground colors; additionally, bold and italic attributes can
       be used at the same time (by using the BI font).
       The following colors are defined in tty.tmac: black, white, red,
       green, blue, yellow, magenta, cyan.  Unknown colors are mapped to the
       default color (which is dependent on the settings of the terminal; in
       most cases, this is black for the foreground and white for the
       background).
       Use the -c switch to revert to the old behaviour, printing a bold
       character c with the sequence “c BACKSPACE c” and an italic character
       c by the sequence “_ BACKSPACE c”.  At the same time, color output is
       disabled.  The same effect can be achieved by setting either the
       GROFF_NO_SGR environment variable or using the ‘sgr’ X command (see
       below).
       For SGR support, it is necessary to use the -R option of less(1) to
       disable the interpretation of grotty's old output format.
       Consequently, all programs which use less as the pager program have
       to pass this option to it.  For man(1) in particular, either add -R
       to the $PAGER environment variable, e.g.
              PAGER="/usr/bin/less -R"
              export PAGER
       or use the -P option of man to set the pager executable and its
       options, or modify the configuration file of man in a similar
       fashion.  Note that with some man(1) versions, you have to use the
       $MANPAGER environment variable instead.
       grotty's old output format can be displayed on a terminal by piping
       through ul(1).  Pagers such as more(1) or less(1) are also able to
       display these sequences.  Use either -B or -U when piping into
       less(1); use -b when piping into more(1).  There is no need to filter
       the output through col(1) since grotty never outputs reverse line
       feeds.
       The font description file may contain a command
              internalname n
       where n is a decimal integer.  If the 01 bit in n is set, then the
       font is treated as an italic font; if the 02 bit is set, then it is
       treated as a bold font.  The code field in the font description field
       gives the code which is used to output the character.  This code can
       also be used in the \N escape sequence in troff.
       If the DESC file contains the keyword unicode, grotty emits Unicode
       characters in UTF-8 encoding.  Otherwise, it emits characters in a
       single-byte encoding depending on the data in the font description
       files.  See the groff_font(5) man page for more details.
