
       The pam_group PAM module does not authenticate the user, but instead
       it grants group memberships (in the credential setting phase of the
       authentication module) to the user. Such memberships are based on the
       service they are applying for.
       For this module to function correctly there must be a correctly
       formatted /etc/security/group.conf file present. White spaces are
       ignored and lines maybe extended with '\' (escaped newlines). Text
       following a '#' is ignored to the end of the line.
       The syntax of the lines is as follows:
       services;ttys;users;times;groups
       The first field, the services field, is a logic list of PAM service
       names that the rule applies to.
       The second field, the tty field, is a logic list of terminal names
       that this rule applies to.
       The third field, the users field, is a logic list of users, or a UNIX
       group, or a netgroup of users to whom this rule applies. Group names
       are preceded by a '%' symbol, while netgroup names are preceded by a
       '@' symbol.
       For these items the simple wildcard '*' may be used only once. With
       UNIX groups or netgroups no wildcards or logic operators are allowed.
       The times field is used to indicate "when" these groups are to be
       given to the user. The format here is a logic list of day/time-range
       entries. The days are specified by a sequence of two character
       entries, MoTuSa for example is Monday Tuesday and Saturday. Note that
       repeated days are unset MoMo = no day, and MoWk = all weekdays bar
       Monday. The two character combinations accepted are Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa
       Su Wk Wd Al, the last two being week-end days and all 7 days of the
       week respectively. As a final example, AlFr means all days except
       Friday.
       Each day/time-range can be prefixed with a '!' to indicate "anything
       but". The time-range part is two 24-hour times HHMM, separated by a
       hyphen, indicating the start and finish time (if the finish time is
       smaller than the start time it is deemed to apply on the following
       day).
       The groups field is a comma or space separated list of groups that
       the user inherits membership of. These groups are added if the
       previous fields are satisfied by the user's request.
       For a rule to be active, ALL of service+ttys+users must be satisfied
       by the applying process.
