
       This manual page describes the format of the /etc/hosts file.  This
       file is a simple text file that associates IP addresses with
       hostnames, one line per IP address.  For each host a single line
       should be present with the following information:
              IP_address canonical_hostname [aliases...]
       Fields of the entry are separated by any number of blanks and/or tab
       characters.  Text from a "#" character until the end of the line is a
       comment, and is ignored.  Host names may contain only alphanumeric
       characters, minus signs ("-"), and periods (".").  They must begin
       with an alphabetic character and end with an alphanumeric character.
       Optional aliases provide for name changes, alternate spellings,
       shorter hostnames, or generic hostnames (for example, localhost).
       The Berkeley Internet Name Domain (BIND) Server implements the
       Internet name server for UNIX systems.  It augments or replaces the
       /etc/hosts file or hostname lookup, and frees a host from relying on
       /etc/hosts being up to date and complete.
       In modern systems, even though the host table has been superseded by
       DNS, it is still widely used for:
       bootstrapping
              Most systems have a small host table containing the name and
              address information for important hosts on the local network.
              This is useful when DNS is not running, for example during
              system bootup.
       NIS    Sites that use NIS use the host table as input to the NIS host
              database.  Even though NIS can be used with DNS, most NIS
              sites still use the host table with an entry for all local
              hosts as a backup.
       isolated nodes
              Very small sites that are isolated from the network use the
              host table instead of DNS.  If the local information rarely
              changes, and the network is not connected to the Internet, DNS
              offers little advantage.
