
       Hostname is the program that is used to either set or display the
       current host, domain or node name of the system.  These names are
       used by many of the networking programs to identify the machine. The
       domain name is also used by NIS/YP.
   GET NAME
       When called without any arguments, the program displays the current
       names:
       hostname will print the name of the system as returned by the
       gethostname(2) function.
       domainname, nisdomainname, ypdomainname will print the name of the
       system as returned by the getdomainname(2) function. This is also
       known as the YP/NIS domain name of the system.
       nodename will print the DECnet node name of the system as returned by
       the getnodename(2) function.
       dnsdomainname will print the domain part of the FQDN (Fully Qualified
       Domain Name). The complete FQDN of the system is returned with
       hostname --fqdn.
   SET NAME
       When called with one argument or with the --file option, the commands
       set the host name, the NIS/YP domain name or the node name.
       Note, that only the super-user can change the names.
       It is not possible to set the FQDN or the DNS domain name with the
       dnsdomainname command (see THE FQDN below).
       The host name is usually set once at system startup by reading the
       contents of a file which contains the host name, e.g.
       /etc/hostname).
   THE FQDN
       You can't change the FQDN (as returned by hostname --fqdn) or the DNS
       domain name (as returned by dnsdomainname) with this command. The
       FQDN of the system is the name that the resolver(3) returns for the
       host name.
       Technically: The FQDN is the canonical name returned by
       gethostbyname2(2) when resolving the result of the gethostname(2)
       name. The DNS domain name is the part after the first dot.
       Therefore it depends on the configuration (usually in /etc/host.conf)
       how you can change it. If hosts is the first lookup method, you can
       change the FQDN in /etc/hosts.
