
       The three functions hcreate(), hsearch(), and hdestroy() allow the
       caller to create and manage a hash search table containing entries
       consisting of a key (a string) and associated data.  Using these
       functions, only one hash table can be used at a time.
       The three functions hcreate_r(), hsearch_r(), hdestroy_r() are
       reentrant versions that allow a program to use more than one hash
       search table at the same time.  The last argument, htab, points to a
       structure that describes the table on which the function is to
       operate.  The programmer should treat this structure as opaque (i.e.,
       do not attempt to directly access or modify the fields in this
       structure).
       First a hash table must be created using hcreate().  The argument nel
       specifies the maximum number of entries in the table.  (This maximum
       cannot be changed later, so choose it wisely.)  The implementation
       may adjust this value upward to improve the performance of the
       resulting hash table.
       The hcreate_r() function performs the same task as hcreate(), but for
       the table described by the structure *htab.  The structure pointed to
       by htab must be zeroed before the first call to hcreate_r().
       The function hdestroy() frees the memory occupied by the hash table
       that was created by hcreate().  After calling hdestroy(), a new hash
       table can be created using hcreate().  The hdestroy_r() function
       performs the analogous task for a hash table described by *htab,
       which was previously created using hcreate_r().
       The hsearch() function searches the hash table for an item with the
       same key as item (where "the same" is determined using strcmp(3)),
       and if successful returns a pointer to it.
       The argument item is of type ENTRY, which is defined in <search.h> as
       follows:
           typedef struct entry {
               char *key;
               void *data;
           } ENTRY;
       The field key points to a null-terminated string which is the search
       key.  The field data points to data that is associated with that key.
       The argument action determines what hsearch() does after an unsuc‐
       cessful search.  This argument must either have the value ENTER,
       meaning insert a copy of item (and return a pointer to the new hash
       table entry as the function result), or the value FIND, meaning that
       NULL should be returned.  (If action is FIND, then data is ignored.)
       The hsearch_r() function is like hsearch() but operates on the hash
       table described by *htab.  The hsearch_r() function differs from
       hsearch() in that a pointer to the found item is returned in *retval,
       rather than as the function result.
