
       The iconv() function shall convert the sequence of characters from
       one codeset, in the array specified by inbuf, into a sequence of
       corresponding characters in another codeset, in the array specified
       by outbuf.  The codesets are those specified in the iconv_open() call
       that returned the conversion descriptor, cd.  The inbuf argument
       points to a variable that points to the first character in the input
       buffer and inbytesleft indicates the number of bytes to the end of
       the buffer to be converted. The outbuf argument points to a variable
       that points to the first available byte in the output buffer and
       outbytesleft indicates the number of the available bytes to the end
       of the buffer.
       For state-dependent encodings, the conversion descriptor cd is placed
       into its initial shift state by a call for which inbuf is a null
       pointer, or for which inbuf points to a null pointer. When iconv() is
       called in this way, and if outbuf is not a null pointer or a pointer
       to a null pointer, and outbytesleft points to a positive value,
       iconv() shall place, into the output buffer, the byte sequence to
       change the output buffer to its initial shift state. If the output
       buffer is not large enough to hold the entire reset sequence, iconv()
       shall fail and set errno to [E2BIG].  Subsequent calls with inbuf as
       other than a null pointer or a pointer to a null pointer cause the
       conversion to take place from the current state of the conversion
       descriptor.
       If a sequence of input bytes does not form a valid character in the
       specified codeset, conversion shall stop after the previous
       successfully converted character. If the input buffer ends with an
       incomplete character or shift sequence, conversion shall stop after
       the previous successfully converted bytes. If the output buffer is
       not large enough to hold the entire converted input, conversion shall
       stop just prior to the input bytes that would cause the output buffer
       to overflow. The variable pointed to by inbuf shall be updated to
       point to the byte following the last byte successfully used in the
       conversion. The value pointed to by inbytesleft shall be decremented
       to reflect the number of bytes still not converted in the input
       buffer. The variable pointed to by outbuf shall be updated to point
       to the byte following the last byte of converted output data. The
       value pointed to by outbytesleft shall be decremented to reflect the
       number of bytes still available in the output buffer. For state-
       dependent encodings, the conversion descriptor shall be updated to
       reflect the shift state in effect at the end of the last successfully
       converted byte sequence.
       If iconv() encounters a character in the input buffer that is valid,
       but for which an identical character does not exist in the target
       codeset, iconv() shall perform an implementation-defined conversion
       on this character.
