
       ifpps is a small utility which periodically provides top-like
       networking and system statistics from the kernel. ifpps gathers its
       data directly from procfs files and does not make use of any user
       space monitoring libraries which would falsify statistics under high
       load.
       For instance, consider the following scenario: two directly connected
       Linux machines with Intel Core 2 Quad Q6600 2.40GHz CPUs, 4 GB RAM,
       and an Intel 82566DC-2 Gigabit Ethernet NIC are used for performance
       evaluation.  One machine generates 64 byte network packets by using
       the kernel space packet generator pktgen with a maximum possible
       packet rate. The other machine displays statistics about incoming
       network packets by using i) iptraf(8) and ii) ifpps.
       iptraf which incorporates pcap(3) shows an average packet rate of
       246,000 pps while on the other hand ifpps shows an average packet
       rate of 1,378,000 pps. Hence, due to packet copies and deferring
       statistics creation into user space, a measurement error of
       approximately 460 percent occurs. Tools like iptraf might display
       much more information such as TCP per flow statistics (hence the use
       of the pcap library). This is not possible with ifpps, because
       overall networking statistics are its focus; statistics, which are
       also fairly reliable under high packet load.
       ifpps also periodically displays CPU load, interrupt, software
       interrupt data per sample interval as well as total interrupts, all
       per CPU. In case the number of CPUs exceeds 5 or the number specified
       by the user with the “-n” command line option, ifpps will only
       display this number top heavy hitters. The topmost heavy hitter CPU
       will be marked with “+”.  The least heavy hitter will always be
       displayed and is marked with “-”. In addition, the average for all
       the above per-CPU data is shown. Optionally the median values can be
       displayed using the “-m” command line option.
       ifpps also supports directly the gnuplot(1) data sample format. This
       facilitates creation of gnuplot figures from ifpps time series.
