
       This function converts the character string src into a network
       address structure in the af address family, then copies the network
       address structure to dst.  The af argument must be either AF_INET or
       AF_INET6.  dst is written in network byte order.
       The following address families are currently supported:
       AF_INET
              src points to a character string containing an IPv4 network
              address in dotted-decimal format, "ddd.ddd.ddd.ddd", where ddd
              is a decimal number of up to three digits in the range 0 to
              255.  The address is converted to a struct in_addr and copied
              to dst, which must be sizeof(struct in_addr) (4) bytes (32
              bits) long.
       AF_INET6
              src points to a character string containing an IPv6 network
              address.  The address is converted to a struct in6_addr and
              copied to dst, which must be sizeof(struct in6_addr) (16)
              bytes (128 bits) long.  The allowed formats for IPv6 addresses
              follow these rules:
              1. The preferred format is x:x:x:x:x:x:x:x.  This form
                 consists of eight hexadecimal numbers, each of which
                 expresses a 16-bit value (i.e., each x can be up to 4 hex
                 digits).
              2. A series of contiguous zero values in the preferred format
                 can be abbreviated to ::.  Only one instance of :: can
                 occur in an address.  For example, the loopback address
                 0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1 can be abbreviated as ::1.  The wildcard
                 address, consisting of all zeros, can be written as ::.
              3. An alternate format is useful for expressing IPv4-mapped
                 IPv6 addresses.  This form is written as
                 x:x:x:x:x:x:d.d.d.d, where the six leading xs are
                 hexadecimal values that define the six most-significant
                 16-bit pieces of the address (i.e., 96 bits), and the ds
                 express a value in dotted-decimal notation that defines the
                 least significant 32 bits of the address.  An example of
                 such an address is ::FFFF:204.152.189.116.
              See RFC 2373 for further details on the representation of IPv6
              addresses.
