
       innochecksum prints checksums for InnoDB files. This tool reads an
       InnoDB tablespace file, calculates the checksum for each page,
       compares the calculated checksum to the stored checksum, and reports
       mismatches, which indicate damaged pages. It was originally developed
       to speed up verifying the integrity of tablespace files after power
       outages but can also be used after file copies. Because checksum
       mismatches will cause InnoDB to deliberately shut down a running
       server, it can be preferable to use this tool rather than waiting for
       a server in production usage to encounter the damaged pages.
       innochecksum cannot be used on tablespace files that the server
       already has open. For such files, you should use CHECK TABLE to check
       tables within the tablespace.
       If checksum mismatches are found, you would normally restore the
       tablespace from backup or start the server and attempt to use
       mysqldump to make a backup of the tables within the tablespace.
       Invoke innochecksum like this:
           shell> innochecksum [options] file_name
       innochecksum supports the following options. For options that refer
       to page numbers, the numbers are zero-based.
       ·   -?, --help
           Displays help and exits.
       ·   -c, --count
           Print a count of the number of pages in the file.
       ·   -d, --debug
           Debug mode; prints checksums for each page.
       ·   -e num, --end-page=#
           End at this page number.
       ·   -i, --per-page-details
           Print out per-page detail information.
       ·   -I, --info
           Synonym for --help.
       ·   -l, --leaf
           Examine leaf index pages.
       ·   -m num, --merge=#
           Leaf page count if merge given number of consecutive pages.
       ·   -p num, --page-num=#
           Check only this page number.
       ·   -s num, --start-page
           Start at this page number.
       ·   -u, --skip-corrupt
           Skip corrupt pages.
       ·   -v, --verbose
           Verbose mode; print a progress indicator every five seconds.
       ·   -V, --version
           Displays version information and exits.
