
       iptables-restore and ip6tables-restore are used to restore IP and
       IPv6 Tables from data specified on STDIN or in file. Use I/O
       redirection provided by your shell to read from a file or specify
       file as an argument.
       -c, --counters
              restore the values of all packet and byte counters
       -h, --help
              Print a short option summary.
       -n, --noflush
              don't flush the previous contents of the table. If not
              specified, both commands flush (delete) all previous contents
              of the respective table.
       -t, --test
              Only parse and construct the ruleset, but do not commit it.
       -v, --verbose
              Print additional debug info during ruleset processing.
       -V, --version
              Print the program version number.
       -w, --wait [seconds]
              Wait for the xtables lock.  To prevent multiple instances of
              the program from running concurrently, an attempt will be made
              to obtain an exclusive lock at launch.  By default, the
              program will exit if the lock cannot be obtained.  This option
              will make the program wait (indefinitely or for optional
              seconds) until the exclusive lock can be obtained.
       -W, --wait-interval microseconds
              Interval to wait per each iteration.  When running latency
              sensitive applications, waiting for the xtables lock for
              extended durations may not be acceptable. This option will
              make each iteration take the amount of time specified. The
              default interval is 1 second. This option only works with -w.
       -M, --modprobe modprobe_program
              Specify the path to the modprobe program. By default,
              iptables-restore will inspect /proc/sys/kernel/modprobe to
              determine the executable's path.
       -T, --table name
              Restore only the named table even if the input stream contains
              other ones.
