
       These functions check whether c, which must have the value of an
       unsigned char or EOF, falls into a certain character class according
       to the specified locale.  The functions without the "_l" suffix
       perform the check based on the current locale.
       The functions with the "_l" suffix perform the check based on the
       locale specified by the locale object locale.  The behavior of these
       functions is undefined if locale is the special locale object
       LC_GLOBAL_LOCALE (see duplocale(3)) or is not a valid locale object
       handle.
       The list below explains the operation of the functions without the
       "_l" suffix; the functions with the "_l" suffix differ only in using
       the locale object locale instead of the current locale.
       isalnum()
              checks for an alphanumeric character; it is equivalent to
              (isalpha(c) || isdigit(c)).
       isalpha()
              checks for an alphabetic character; in the standard "C"
              locale, it is equivalent to (isupper(c) || islower(c)).  In
              some locales, there may be additional characters for which
              isalpha() is true—letters which are neither uppercase nor
              lowercase.
       isascii()
              checks whether c is a 7-bit unsigned char value that fits into
              the ASCII character set.
       isblank()
              checks for a blank character; that is, a space or a tab.
       iscntrl()
              checks for a control character.
       isdigit()
              checks for a digit (0 through 9).
       isgraph()
              checks for any printable character except space.
       islower()
              checks for a lowercase character.
       isprint()
              checks for any printable character including space.
       ispunct()
              checks for any printable character which is not a space or an
              alphanumeric character.
       isspace()
              checks for white-space characters.  In the "C" and "POSIX"
              locales, these are: space, form-feed ('\f'), newline ('\n'),
              carriage return ('\r'), horizontal tab ('\t'), and vertical
              tab ('\v').
       isupper()
              checks for an uppercase letter.
       isxdigit()
              checks for hexadecimal digits, that is, one of
              0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 a b c d e f A B C D E F.
