
       journalctl may be used to query the contents of the systemd(1)
       journal as written by systemd-journald.service(8).
       If called without parameters, it will show the full contents of the
       journal, starting with the oldest entry collected.
       If one or more match arguments are passed, the output is filtered
       accordingly. A match is in the format "FIELD=VALUE", e.g.
       "_SYSTEMD_UNIT=httpd.service", referring to the components of a
       structured journal entry. See systemd.journal-fields(7) for a list of
       well-known fields. If multiple matches are specified matching
       different fields, the log entries are filtered by both, i.e. the
       resulting output will show only entries matching all the specified
       matches of this kind. If two matches apply to the same field, then
       they are automatically matched as alternatives, i.e. the resulting
       output will show entries matching any of the specified matches for
       the same field. Finally, the character "+" may appear as a separate
       word between other terms on the command line. This causes all matches
       before and after to be combined in a disjunction (i.e. logical OR).
       It is also possible to filter the entries by specifying an absolute
       file path as an argument. The file path may be a file or a symbolic
       link and the file must exist at the time of the query. If a file path
       refers to an executable binary, an "_EXE=" match for the
       canonicalized binary path is added to the query. If a file path
       refers to an executable script, a "_COMM=" match for the script name
       is added to the query. If a file path refers to a device node,
       "_KERNEL_DEVICE=" matches for the kernel name of the device and for
       each of its ancestor devices is added to the query. Symbolic links
       are dereferenced, kernel names are synthesized, and parent devices
       are identified from the environment at the time of the query. In
       general, a device node is the best proxy for an actual device, as log
       entries do not usually contain fields that identify an actual device.
       For the resulting log entries to be correct for the actual device,
       the relevant parts of the environment at the time the entry was
       logged, in particular the actual device corresponding to the device
       node, must have been the same as those at the time of the query.
       Because device nodes generally change their corresponding devices
       across reboots, specifying a device node path causes the resulting
       entries to be restricted to those from the current boot.
       Additional constraints may be added using options --boot, --unit=,
       etc., to further limit what entries will be shown (logical AND).
       Output is interleaved from all accessible journal files, whether they
       are rotated or currently being written, and regardless of whether
       they belong to the system itself or are accessible user journals.
       The set of journal files which will be used can be modified using the
       --user, --system, --directory, and --file options, see below.
       All users are granted access to their private per-user journals.
       However, by default, only root and users who are members of a few
       special groups are granted access to the system journal and the
       journals of other users. Members of the groups "systemd-journal",
       "adm", and "wheel" can read all journal files. Note that the two
       latter groups traditionally have additional privileges specified by
       the distribution. Members of the "wheel" group can often perform
       administrative tasks.
       The output is paged through less by default, and long lines are
       "truncated" to screen width. The hidden part can be viewed by using
       the left-arrow and right-arrow keys. Paging can be disabled; see the
       --no-pager option and the "Environment" section below.
       When outputting to a tty, lines are colored according to priority:
       lines of level ERROR and higher are colored red; lines of level
       NOTICE and higher are highlighted; other lines are displayed
       normally.
