
       The kill() function shall send a signal to a process or a group of
       processes specified by pid.  The signal to be sent is specified by
       sig and is either one from the list given in <signal.h> or 0. If sig
       is 0 (the null signal), error checking is performed but no signal is
       actually sent. The null signal can be used to check the validity of
       pid.
       For a process to have permission to send a signal to a process
       designated by pid, unless the sending process has appropriate
       privileges, the real or effective user ID of the sending process
       shall match the real or saved set-user-ID of the receiving process.
       If pid is greater than 0, sig shall be sent to the process whose
       process ID is equal to pid.
       If pid is 0, sig shall be sent to all processes (excluding an
       unspecified set of system processes) whose process group ID is equal
       to the process group ID of the sender, and for which the process has
       permission to send a signal.
       If pid is −1, sig shall be sent to all processes (excluding an
       unspecified set of system processes) for which the process has
       permission to send that signal.
       If pid is negative, but not −1, sig shall be sent to all processes
       (excluding an unspecified set of system processes) whose process
       group ID is equal to the absolute value of pid, and for which the
       process has permission to send a signal.
       If the value of pid causes sig to be generated for the sending
       process, and if sig is not blocked for the calling thread and if no
       other thread has sig unblocked or is waiting in a sigwait() function
       for sig, either sig or at least one pending unblocked signal shall be
       delivered to the sending thread before kill() returns.
       The user ID tests described above shall not be applied when sending
       SIGCONT to a process that is a member of the same session as the
       sending process.
       An implementation that provides extended security controls may impose
       further implementation-defined restrictions on the sending of
       signals, including the null signal. In particular, the system may
       deny the existence of some or all of the processes specified by pid.
       The kill() function is successful if the process has permission to
       send sig to any of the processes specified by pid.  If kill() fails,
       no signal shall be sent.
