
       The ldap_result() routine is used to wait for and return the result
       of an operation previously initiated by one of the LDAP asynchronous
       operation routines (e.g., ldap_search_ext(3), ldap_modify_ext(3),
       etc.).  Those routines all return -1 in case of error, and an
       invocation identifier upon successful initiation of the operation.
       The invocation identifier is picked by the library and is guaranteed
       to be unique across the LDAP session.  It can be used to request the
       result of a specific operation from ldap_result() through the msgid
       parameter.
       The ldap_result() routine will block or not, depending upon the
       setting of the timeout parameter.  If timeout is not a NULL pointer,
       it  specifies  a  maximum interval  to wait for the selection to
       complete.  If timeout is a NULL  pointer, the LDAP_OPT_TIMEOUT value
       set by ldap_set_option(3) is used. With the default setting, the
       select  blocks  indefinitely.   To effect  a  poll,  the  timeout
       argument should be a non-NULL pointer, pointing to a zero-valued
       timeval structure.  To obtain the behavior of the default setting,
       bypassing any value set by ldap_set_option(3), set to -1 the tv_sec
       field of the timeout parameter.  See select(2) for further details.
       If the result of a specific operation is required, msgid should be
       set to the invocation identifier returned when the operation was
       initiated, otherwise LDAP_RES_ANY or LDAP_RES_UNSOLICITED should be
       supplied to wait for any or unsolicited response.
       The all parameter, if non-zero, causes ldap_result() to return all
       responses with msgid, otherwise only the next response is returned.
       This is commonly used to obtain all the responses of a search
       operation.
       A search response is made up of zero or more search entries, zero or
       more search references, and zero or more extended partial responses
       followed by a search result.  If all is set to 0, search entries will
       be returned one at a time as they come in, via separate calls to
       ldap_result().  If it's set to 1, the search response will only be
       returned in its entirety, i.e., after all entries, all references,
       all extended partial responses, and the final search result have been
       received.
