
       In the first synopsis form, the ln utility shall create a new
       directory entry (link) at the destination path specified by the
       target_file operand. If the −s option is specified, a symbolic link
       shall be created for the file specified by the source_file operand.
       This first synopsis form shall be assumed when the final operand does
       not name an existing directory; if more than two operands are
       specified and the final is not an existing directory, an error shall
       result.
       In the second synopsis form, the ln utility shall create a new
       directory entry (link), or if the −s option is specified a symbolic
       link, for each file specified by a source_file operand, at a
       destination path in the existing directory named by target_dir.
       If the last operand specifies an existing file of a type not
       specified by the System Interfaces volume of POSIX.1‐2008, the
       behavior is implementation-defined.
       The corresponding destination path for each source_file shall be the
       concatenation of the target directory pathname, a <slash> character
       if the target directory pathname did not end in a <slash>, and the
       last pathname component of the source_file.  The second synopsis form
       shall be assumed when the final operand names an existing directory.
       For each source_file:
        1. If the destination path exists and was created by a previous
           step, it is unspecified whether ln shall write a diagnostic
           message to standard error, do nothing more with the current
           source_file, and go on to any remaining source_files; or will
           continue processing the current source_file.  If the destination
           path exists:
            a. If the −f option is not specified, ln shall write a
               diagnostic message to standard error, do nothing more with
               the current source_file, and go on to any remaining
               source_files.
            b. If destination names the same directory entry as the current
               source_file ln shall write a diagnostic message to standard
               error, do nothing more with the current source_file, and go
               on to any remaining source_files.
            c. Actions shall be performed equivalent to the unlink()
               function defined in the System Interfaces volume of
               POSIX.1‐2008, called using destination as the path argument.
               If this fails for any reason, ln shall write a diagnostic
               message to standard error, do nothing more with the current
               source_file, and go on to any remaining source_files.
        2. If the −s option is specified, actions shall be performed
           equivalent to the symlink() function with source_file as the
           path1 argument and the destination path as the path2 argument.
           The ln utility shall do nothing more with source_file and shall
           go on to any remaining files.
        3. If source_file is a symbolic link:
            a. If the −P option is in effect, actions shall be performed
               equivalent to the linkat() function with source_file as the
               path1 argument, the destination path as the path2 argument,
               AT_FDCWD as the fd1 and fd2 arguments, and zero as the flag
               argument.
            b. If the −L option is in effect, actions shall be performed
               equivalent to the linkat() function with source_file as the
               path1 argument, the destination path as the path2 argument,
               AT_FDCWD as the fd1 and fd2 arguments, and AT_SYMLINK_FOLLOW
               as the flag argument.
           The ln utility shall do nothing more with source_file and shall
           go on to any remaining files.
        4. Actions shall be performed equivalent to the link() function
           defined in the System Interfaces volume of POSIX.1‐2008 using
           source_file as the path1 argument, and the destination path as
           the path2 argument.
