
       The locale command displays information about the current locale, or
       all locales, on standard output.
       When invoked without arguments, locale displays the current locale
       settings for each locale category (see locale(5)), based on the
       settings of the environment variables that control the locale (see
       locale(7)).  Values for variables set in the environment are printed
       without double quotes, implied values are printed with double quotes.
       If either the -a or the -m option (or one of their long-format
       equivalents) is specified, the behavior is as follows:
       -a, --all-locales
              Display a list of all available locales.  The -v option causes
              the LC_IDENTIFICATION metadata about each locale to be
              included in the output.
       -m, --charmaps
              Display the available charmaps (character set description
              files).  To display the current character set for the locale,
              use locale -c charmap.
       The locale command can also be provided with one or more arguments,
       which are the names of locale keywords (for example, date_fmt, ctype-
       class-names, yesexpr, or decimal_point) or locale categories (for
       example, LC_CTYPE or LC_TIME).  For each argument, the following is
       displayed:
       *  For a locale keyword, the value of that keyword to be displayed.
       *  For a locale category, the values of all keywords in that category
          are displayed.
       When arguments are supplied, the following options are meaningful:
       -c, --category-name
              For a category name argument, write the name of the locale
              category on a separate line preceding the list of keyword
              values for that category.
              For a keyword name argument, write the name of the locale
              category for this keyword on a separate line preceding the
              keyword value.
              This option improves readability when multiple name arguments
              are specified.  It can be combined with the -k option.
       -k, --keyword-name
              For each keyword whose value is being displayed, include also
              the name of that keyword, so that the output has the format:
                  keyword="value"
       The locale command also knows about the following options:
       -v, --verbose
              Display additional information for some command-line option
              and argument combinations.
       -?, --help
              Display a summary of command-line options and arguments and
              exit.
       --usage
              Display a short usage message and exit.
       -V, --version
              Display the program version and exit.
