
       The localedef utility shall convert source definitions for locale
       categories into a format usable by the functions and utilities whose
       operational behavior is determined by the setting of the locale
       environment variables defined in the Base Definitions volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008, Chapter 7, Locale.  It is implementation-defined
       whether users have the capability to create new locales, in addition
       to those supplied by the implementation. If the symbolic constant
       POSIX2_LOCALEDEF is defined, the system supports the creation of new
       locales.  On XSI-conformant systems, the symbolic constant
       POSIX2_LOCALEDEF shall be defined.
       The utility shall read source definitions for one or more locale
       categories belonging to the same locale from the file named in the −i
       option (if specified) or from standard input.
       The name operand identifies the target locale. The utility shall
       support the creation of public, or generally accessible locales, as
       well as private, or restricted-access locales. Implementations may
       restrict the capability to create or modify public locales to users
       with appropriate privileges.
       Each category source definition shall be identified by the
       corresponding environment variable name and terminated by an END
       category-name statement. The following categories shall be supported.
       In addition, the input may contain source for implementation-defined
       categories.
       LC_CTYPE  Defines character classification and case conversion.
       LC_COLLATE
                 Defines collation rules.
       LC_MONETARY
                 Defines the format and symbols used in formatting of
                 monetary information.
       LC_NUMERIC
                 Defines the decimal delimiter, grouping, and grouping
                 symbol for non-monetary numeric editing.
       LC_TIME   Defines the format and content of date and time
                 information.
       LC_MESSAGES
                 Defines the format and values of affirmative and negative
                 responses.
