
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The longjmp() function shall restore the environment saved by the
       most recent invocation of setjmp() in the same process, with the
       corresponding jmp_buf argument. If the most recent invocation of
       setjmp() with the corresponding jmp_buf occurred in another thread,
       or if there is no such invocation, or if the function containing the
       invocation of setjmp() has terminated execution in the interim, or if
       the invocation of setjmp() was within the scope of an identifier with
       variably modified type and execution has left that scope in the
       interim, the behavior is undefined.  It is unspecified whether
       longjmp() restores the signal mask, leaves the signal mask unchanged,
       or restores it to its value at the time setjmp() was called.
       All accessible objects have values, and all other components of the
       abstract machine have state (for example, floating-point status flags
       and open files), as of the time longjmp() was called, except that the
       values of objects of automatic storage duration are unspecified if
       they meet all the following conditions:
        *  They are local to the function containing the corresponding
           setjmp() invocation.
        *  They do not have volatile-qualified type.
        *  They are changed between the setjmp() invocation and longjmp()
           call.
       As it bypasses the usual function call and return mechanisms,
       longjmp() shall execute correctly in contexts of interrupts, signals,
       and any of their associated functions. However, if longjmp() is
       invoked from a nested signal handler (that is, from a function
       invoked as a result of a signal raised during the handling of another
       signal), the behavior is undefined.
       The effect of a call to longjmp() where initialization of the jmp_buf
       structure was not performed in the calling thread is undefined.
