
   baudrate
       The baudrate routine returns the output speed of the terminal.  The
       number returned is in bits per second, for example 9600, and is an
       integer.
   erasechar, erasewchar
       The erasechar routine returns the user's current erase character.
       The erasewchar routine stores the current erase character in the
       location referenced by ch.  If no erase character has been defined,
       the routine fails and the location referenced by ch is not changed.
   has_is, has_il
       The has_ic routine is true if the terminal has insert- and delete-
       character capabilities.
       The has_il routine is true if the terminal has insert- and delete-
       line capabilities, or can simulate them using scrolling regions.
       This might be used to determine if it would be appropriate to turn on
       physical scrolling using scrollok.
   killchar, killwchar
       The killchar routine returns the user's current line kill character.
       The killwchar routine stores the current line-kill character in the
       location referenced by ch.  If no line-kill character has been
       defined, the routine fails and the location referenced by ch is not
       changed.
   longname
       The longname routine returns a pointer to a static area containing a
       verbose description of the current terminal.  The maximum length of a
       verbose description is 128 characters.  It is defined only after the
       call to initscr or newterm.  The area is overwritten by each call to
       newterm and is not restored by set_term, so the value should be saved
       between calls to newterm if longname is going to be used with
       multiple terminals.
   termattrs, term_attrs
       If a given terminal does not support a video attribute that an
       application program is trying to use, curses may substitute a
       different video attribute for it.  The termattrs and term_attrs
       functions return a logical OR of all video attributes supported by
       the terminal using A_ and WA_ constants respectively.  This
       information is useful when a curses program needs complete control
       over the appearance of the screen.
   termname
       The termname routine returns the terminal name used by setupterm.
