
       For each operand that names a file of a type other than directory or
       symbolic link to a directory, ls shall write the name of the file as
       well as any requested, associated information. For each operand that
       names a file of type directory, ls shall write the names of files
       contained within the directory as well as any requested, associated
       information. Filenames beginning with a <period> ('.')  and any
       associated information shall not be written out unless explicitly
       referenced, the −A or −a option is supplied, or an implementation-
       defined condition causes them to be written. If one or more of the
       −d, −F, or −l options are specified, and neither the −H nor the −L
       option is specified, for each operand that names a file of type
       symbolic link to a directory, ls shall write the name of the file as
       well as any requested, associated information. If none of the −d, −F,
       or −l options are specified, or the −H or −L options are specified,
       for each operand that names a file of type symbolic link to a
       directory, ls shall write the names of files contained within the
       directory as well as any requested, associated information. In each
       case where the names of files contained within a directory are
       written, if the directory contains any symbolic links then ls shall
       evaluate the file information and file type to be those of the
       symbolic link itself, unless the −L option is specified.
       If no operands are specified, ls shall behave as if a single operand
       of dot ('.')  had been specified. If more than one operand is
       specified, ls shall write non-directory operands first; it shall sort
       directory and non-directory operands separately according to the
       collating sequence in the current locale.
       The ls utility shall detect infinite loops; that is, entering a
       previously visited directory that is an ancestor of the last file
       encountered.  When it detects an infinite loop, ls shall write a
       diagnostic message to standard error and shall either recover its
       position in the hierarchy or terminate.
