
       lscpu gathers CPU architecture information from sysfs, /proc/cpuinfo
       and any applicable architecture-specific libraries (e.g. librtas on
       Powerpc).  The command output can be optimized for parsing or for
       easy readability by humans.  The information includes, for example,
       the number of CPUs, threads, cores, sockets, and Non-Uniform Memory
       Access (NUMA) nodes.  There is also information about the CPU caches
       and cache sharing, family, model, bogoMIPS, byte order, and stepping.
       In virtualized environments, the CPU architecture information
       displayed reflects the configuration of the guest operating system
       which is typically different from the physical (host) system.  On
       architectures that support retrieving physical topology information,
       lscpu also displays the number of physical sockets, chips, cores in
       the host system.
       Options that result in an output table have a list argument.  Use
       this argument to customize the command output.  Specify a comma-
       separated list of column labels to limit the output table to only the
       specified columns, arranged in the specified order.  See COLUMNS for
       a list of valid column labels.  The column labels are not case
       sensitive.
       Not all columns are supported on all architectures.  If an
       unsupported column is specified, lscpu prints the column but does not
       provide any data for it.
   COLUMNS
       Note that topology elements (core, socket, etc.) use a sequential
       unique ID starting from zero, but CPU logical numbers follow the
       kernel where there is no guarantee of sequential numbering.
       CPU    The logical CPU number of a CPU as used by the Linux kernel.
       CORE   The logical core number.  A core can contain several CPUs.
       SOCKET The logical socket number.  A socket can contain several
              cores.
       BOOK   The logical book number.  A book can contain several sockets.
       DRAWER The logical drawer number.  A drawer can contain several
              books.
       NODE   The logical NUMA node number.  A node can contain several
              drawers.
       CACHE  Information about how caches are shared between CPUs.
       ADDRESS
              The physical address of a CPU.
       ONLINE Indicator that shows whether the Linux instance currently
              makes use of the CPU.
       CONFIGURED
              Indicator that shows if the hypervisor has allocated the CPU
              to the virtual hardware on which the Linux instance runs.
              CPUs that are configured can be set online by the Linux
              instance.  This column contains data only if your hardware
              system and hypervisor support dynamic CPU resource allocation.
       POLARIZATION
              This column contains data for Linux instances that run on
              virtual hardware with a hypervisor that can switch the CPU
              dispatching mode (polarization).  The polarization can be:
              horizontal  The workload is spread across all available CPUs.
              vertical    The workload is concentrated on few CPUs.
              For vertical polarization, the column also shows the degree of
              concentration, high, medium, or low.  This column contains
              data only if your hardware system and hypervisor support CPU
              polarization.
       MAXMHZ Maximum megahertz value for the CPU. Useful when lscpu is used
              as hardware inventory information gathering tool.  Notice that
              the megahertz value is dynamic, and driven by CPU governor
              depending on current resource need.
       MINMHZ Minimum megahertz value for the CPU.
