
       The Linux Trace Toolkit: next generation <http://lttng.org/> is an
       open source software package used for correlated tracing of the Linux
       kernel, user applications, and user libraries.
       LTTng consists of Linux kernel modules (for Linux kernel tracing) and
       dynamically loaded libraries (for user application and library
       tracing).
       An LTTng session daemon, lttng-sessiond(8), receives commands from
       the command-line interface lttng to control the LTTng tracers. All
       interactions with the LTTng tracers happen through the lttng tool or
       through the liblttng-ctl library shipped with the LTTng-tools
       package.
       A tracing domain is a tracer category. There are five available
       domains. For some commands, the domain needs to be specified with a
       command-line option. The domain options are:
       -j, --jul
           Apply command to the java.util.logging (JUL) domain.
       -k, --kernel
           Apply command to the Linux kernel domain.
       -l, --log4j
           Apply command to the Apache log4j 1.2
           <https://logging.apache.org/log4j/1.2/> (Java) domain.
       -p, --python
           Apply command to the Python <https://www.python.org/> domain.
       -u, --userspace
           Apply command to the user space domain (application using
           liblttng-ust directly; see lttng-ust(3)).
       The LTTng session daemon is a tracing registry which allows the user
       to interact with multiple tracers (kernel and user space) within the
       same container, a tracing session. Traces can be gathered from the
       Linux kernel and/or from instrumented applications (see
       lttng-ust(3)). You can aggregate and read the events of LTTng traces
       using babeltrace(1).
       To trace the Linux kernel, the session daemon needs to be running as
       root. LTTng uses a tracing group to allow specific users to interact
       with the root session daemon. The default tracing group name is
       tracing. You can use the --group option to set the tracing group name
       to use.
       Session daemons can coexist. You can have a session daemon running as
       user Alice that can be used to trace her applications alongside a
       root session daemon or a session daemon running as user Bob.
           Note
           It is highly recommended to start the session daemon at boot time
           for stable and long-term tracing.
       User applications instrumented with LTTng automatically register to
       the root session daemon and to user session daemons. This allows any
       session daemon to list the available traceable applications and event
       sources (see lttng-list(1)).
       By default, the lttng-create(1) command automatically spawns a user
       session daemon if none is currently running. The --no-sessiond
       general option can be set to avoid this.
