
       The lttng load command loads the configurations of one or more
       tracing sessions from files.
       The lttng load command is used in conjunction with the lttng-save(1)
       command to save and restore the complete configurations of tracing
       sessions. This includes the enabled channels and event rules, the
       context added to channels, the tracing activity, and more.
       Once one or more tracing session configurations are loaded, they
       appear exactly as they were saved from the user’s point of view.
       The following directories are searched, non-recursively, in this
       order for configuration files:
        1. $LTTNG_HOME/.lttng/sessions ($LTTNG_HOME defaults to $HOME)
        2. /usr/local/etc/lttng/sessions
       The input path can be overridden with the --input-path option. When
       this option is specified, the default directories are NOT searched
       for configuration files. When it’s not specified, both default
       directories are searched for configuration files.
       If the input path is a directory, then:
       ·   If SESSION is specified, the tracing session configuration named
           SESSION is searched for in all the files of this directory and
           loaded if found.
       ·   If SESSION is not specified, the --all option is implicit: all
           the tracing session configurations found in all the files in this
           directory are loaded.
       If the input path is a file, then:
       ·   If SESSION is specified, the tracing session configuration named
           SESSION is searched for in this file and loaded if found.
       ·   If SESSION is not specified, the --all option is implicit: all
           the tracing session configurations found in this file are loaded.
       Aspects of the loaded configurations can be overridden at load time
       using the --override-url and --override-name options.
       By default, existing tracing sessions are not overwritten when
       loading: the command fails. The --force option can be used to allow
       this.
