
       The lttng add-context command adds one or more context fields to a
       channel.
       Channels are created with the lttng-enable-channel(1) command.
       When context fields are added to a channel, all the events emitted
       within this channel contain the dynamic values of those context
       fields.
       If the --session option is omitted, the current tracing session is
       used. If the --channel option is omitted, the context fields are
       added to all the selected tracing session’s channels.
       Many context fields can be added to a channel at once by repeating
       the --type option.
       perf counters are available as per-CPU (perf:cpu: prefix) as well as
       per-thread (perf:thread: prefix) counters. Currently, per-CPU
       counters can only be used in the Linux kernel tracing domain, while
       per-thread counters can only be used in the user space tracing
       domain.
       It is also possible to enable PMU counters by raw ID using the
       perf:cpu:raw:rN:NAME (Linux kernel tracing domain) or
       perf:thread:raw:rN:NAME (user space tracing domain), with:
       N
           A hexadecimal event descriptor which is the same format as used
           by perf-record(1): a concatenation of the event number and umask
           value provided by the processor’s manufacturer. The possible
           values for this field are processor-specific.
       NAME
           Custom name to easily recognize the counter.
       Application-specific context fields can be added to a channel using
       the following syntax:
           $app.PROVIDER:TYPE
       with:
       PROVIDER
           Provider name.
       TYPE
           Context type name.
           Note
           Make sure to single-quote the type when running the command from
           a shell, as $ is a special character for variable substitution in
           most shells.
       Use the --list option without other arguments to list the available
       context field names.
       See the LIMITATIONS section below for a list of limitations to
       consider.
