
       The Linux Trace Toolkit: next generation <http://lttng.org/> is an
       open source software package used for correlated tracing of the Linux
       kernel, user applications, and user libraries.
       LTTng consists of Linux kernel modules (for Linux kernel tracing) and
       dynamically loaded libraries (for user application and library
       tracing).
       The LTTng session daemon is a tracing registry which allows the user
       to interact with multiple tracers (kernel and user space) within the
       same container, a tracing session. Traces can be gathered from the
       Linux kernel and/or from instrumented applications (see
       lttng-ust(3)). You can aggregate and read the events of LTTng traces
       using babeltrace(1).
       To trace the Linux kernel, the session daemon needs to be running as
       root. LTTng uses a tracing group to allow specific users to interact
       with the root session daemon. The default tracing group name is
       tracing. You can use the --group option to set the tracing group name
       to use.
       Session daemons can coexist. You can have a session daemon running as
       user Alice that can be used to trace her applications alongside a
       root session daemon or a session daemon running as user Bob.
       The LTTng session daemon manages trace data consumer daemons by
       spawning them when necessary. You do not need to manage the consumer
       daemons manually.
           Note
           It is highly recommended to start the session daemon at boot time
           for stable and long-term tracing.
   Automatic loading of tracing session configurations
       When the session daemon starts, it automatically loads session
       configuration files.
       The following directories are searched, non-recursively, in this
       order for configuration files to load on launch:
        1. $LTTNG_HOME/.lttng/sessions/auto ($LTTNG_HOME defaults to $HOME)
        2. /usr/local/etc/lttng/sessions/auto
       Note that both the directory containing the tracing session
       configurations and the session daemon binary must share the same UID
       for the configurations to be automatically loaded.
       The --load option overrides the default directories and the UID
       check. The session daemon simply checks if the path is accessible and
       tries to load every tracing session configuration in it. When this
       option is specified, the default directories are NOT searched for
       configuration files. When the option is not specified, both default
       directories are searched for configuration files.
       If the --load option’s argument is a directory, then all the tracing
       session configurations found in all the files in this directory are
       loaded. If the argument is a file, then all the tracing session
       configurations found in this file are loaded.
