
       The lttng create command creates a new tracing session.
       A tracing session is a named container of channels, which in turn
       contain event rules. It is domain-agnostic, in that channels and
       event rules can be enabled for the user space tracer and/or the Linux
       kernel tracer.
       On execution, an .lttngrc file is created, if it does not exist, in
       the user’s home directory. This file contains the name of the current
       tracing session. When creating a new tracing session with lttng
       create, the current tracing session is set to this new tracing
       session. The lttng-set-session(1) command can be used to set the
       current tracing session without manually editing the .lttngrc file.
       If SESSION is omitted, a session name is automatically created having
       this form: auto-YYYYmmdd-HHMMSS. SESSION must not contain the
       character /.
       The --shm-path option can be used to specify the path to the shared
       memory holding the ring buffers. Specifying a location on an NVRAM
       file system makes it possible to retrieve the latest recorded trace
       data when the system reboots after a crash. To view the events of
       ring buffer files after a system crash, use the lttng-crash(1)
       utility.
       Tracing sessions are destroyed using the lttng-destroy(1) command.
   Creation modes
       There are four tracing session modes:
       Local mode
           Traces the local system and writes the trace to the local file
           system. The --output option specifies the trace path. Using
           --set-url=file://PATH is the equivalent of using --output=PATH.
           The file system output can be disabled using the --no-output
           option.
           If none of the options mentioned above are used, then the trace
           is written locally in the $LTTNG_HOME/lttng-traces directory
           ($LTTNG_HOME defaults to $HOME).
       Network streaming mode
           Traces the local system and sends the trace over the network to a
           listening relay daemon (see lttng-relayd(8)). The --set-url, or
           --ctrl-url and --data-url options set the trace output
           destination (see the URL format section below).
       Snapshot mode
           Traces the local system without writing the trace to the local
           file system (implicit --no-output option). Channels are
           automatically configured to be snapshot-ready on creation (see
           lttng-enable-channel(1)). The lttng-snapshot(1) command is used
           to take snapshots of the current ring buffers. The --set-url, or
           --ctrl-url and --data-url options set the default snapshot output
           destination.
       Live mode
           Traces the local system, sending trace data to an LTTng relay
           daemon over the network (see lttng-relayd(8)). The --set-url, or
           --ctrl-url and --data-url options set the trace output
           destination. The live output URLs cannot use the file:// protocol
           (see the URL format section below).
   URL format
       The --set-url, --ctrl-url, and --data-url options' arguments are
       URLs.
       The format of those URLs is one of:
           file://TRACEPATH
           NETPROTO://(HOST | IPADDR)[:CTRLPORT[:DATAPORT]][/TRACEPATH]
       The file:// protocol targets the local file system and can only be
       used as the --set-url option’s argument when the session is created
       in local or snapshot mode.
       TRACEPATH
           Absolute path to trace files on the local file system.
       The other version is available when the session is created in network
       streaming, snapshot, or live mode.
       NETPROTO
           Network protocol, amongst:
           net
               TCP over IPv4; the default values of CTRLPORT and DATAPORT
               are respectively 5342 and 5343.
           net6
               TCP over IPv6: same default ports as the net protocol.
           tcp
               Same as the net protocol; can only be used with the --ctrl-
               url and --data-url options together.
           tcp6
               Same as the net6 protocol; can only be used with the --ctrl-
               url and --data-url options together.
       (HOST | IPADDR)
           Hostname or IP address (IPv6 address must be enclosed in brackets
           ([ and ]); see RFC 2732 <https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2732.txt>).
       CTRLPORT
           Control port.
       DATAPORT
           Data port.
       TRACEPATH
           Path of trace files on the remote file system. This path is
           relative to the base output directory set on the relay daemon
           side; see lttng-relayd(8).
