
       The lttng_health_check() is used to check the session daemon health
       for either a specific component c or for all of them. Each component
       represent a subsystem of the session daemon.  Those components are
       set with health counters that are atomically incremented once
       reached. An even value indicates progress in the execution of the
       component. An odd value means that the code has entered a blocking
       state which is not a poll(7) wait period.
       A bad health is defined by a fatal error code path reached or any IPC
       used in the session daemon that was blocked for more than 20 seconds
       (default timeout).  The condition for this bad health to be detected
       is that one or many of the counters are odd.
       The health check mechanism of the session daemon can only be reached
       through the health socket which is a different one from the command
       and the application socket. An isolated thread serves this socket and
       only computes the health counters across the code when asked by the
       lttng control library (using this call). This subsystem is highly
       unlikely to fail due to its simplicity.
       The c argument can be one of the following values:
       LTTNG_HEALTH_CMD
              Command subsystem which handles user commands coming from the
              liblttng-ctl or the lttng(1) command line interface.
       LTTNG_HEALTH_APP_MANAGE
              The session daemon manages application socket in order to
              route client command and check if they get closed which
              indicates the application shutdown.
       LTTNG_HEALTH_APP_REG
              The application registration mechanism is an important and
              vital part of for user space tracing. Upon startup,
              applications instrumented with lttng-ust(3) try to register to
              the session daemon through this subsystem.
       LTTNG_HEALTH_KERNEL
              Monitor the Kernel tracer streams and main channel of
              communication (/proc/lttng). If this component malfunction,
              the Kernel tracer is not usable anymore by lttng-tools.
       LTTNG_HEALTH_CONSUMER
              The session daemon can spawn up to three consumer daemon for
              kernel, user space 32 and 64 bit. This subsystem monitors the
              consumer daemon(s). A bad health state means that the
              consumer(s) are not usable anymore hence likely making tracing
              not usable.
       LTTNG_HEALTH_ALL
              Check all components. If only one of them is in a bad state, a
              health check error is returned.
