
       The lttng snapshot command manages the snapshot outputs and takes
       snapshots.
       A snapshot is a dump of the current sub-buffers of all the channels
       of a given tracing session. When a snapshot is taken, the memory dump
       is sent to the registered snapshot outputs.
       The tracing session should be created in snapshot mode to make sure
       taking snapshots is allowed. This is done at tracing session creation
       time using the lttng-create(1) command.
       Note that, when a snapshot is taken, the sub-buffers are not cleared.
       This means that different recorded snapshots may contain the same
       events.
   Snapshot outputs
       Snapshot outputs are the destinations of snapshot files when a
       snapshot is taken using the record action.
       As of this version, only one snapshot output is allowed.
       A snapshot output can be added using the add-output action. The
       output destination URL is set using either the URL positional
       argument, or both the --ctrl-url and --data-url options. See
       lttng-create(1) to learn more about the URL format.
       A name can be assigned to an output when adding it using the --name
       option. This name is part of the names of the snapshot files written
       to this output.
       By default, the snapshot files can be as big as the sum of the sizes
       of all the sub-buffers or all the channels of the selected tracing
       session. The maximum total size of all the snapshot files can be
       configured using the --max-size option.
       Snapshot outputs can be listed using the list-output action.
       Snapshot outputs can be removed using the del-output action. The
       configured name can be used when removing an output, or an ID as
       listed by the list-output action.
   Taking a snapshot
       Taking a snapshot of the current tracing session is as easy as:
           $ lttng snapshot record
       This writes the snapshot files to the configured output. It is
       possible to use a custom, unregistered output at record time using
       the same options supported by the add-output action.
           Note
           Before taking a snapshot on a system with a high event
           throughput, it is recommended to first run lttng stop (see
           lttng-stop(1)). Otherwise, the snapshot could contain "holes",
           the result of the tracers overwriting unconsumed trace packets
           during the record operation. After the snapshot is recorded, the
           tracers can be started again with lttng start (see
           lttng-start(1)).
