
       The Logical Volume Manager (LVM) provides tools to create virtual
       block devices from physical devices.  Virtual devices may be easier
       to manage than physical devices, and can have capabilities beyond
       what the physical devices provide themselves.  A Volume Group (VG) is
       a collection of one or more physical devices, each called a Physical
       Volume (PV).  A Logical Volume (LV) is a virtual block device that
       can be used by the system or applications.  Each block of data in an
       LV is stored on one or more PV in the VG, according to algorithms
       implemented by Device Mapper (DM) in the kernel.
       The lvm command, and other commands listed below, are the command-
       line tools for LVM.  A separate manual page describes each command in
       detail.
       If lvm is invoked with no arguments it presents a readline prompt
       (assuming it was compiled with readline support).  LVM commands may
       be entered interactively at this prompt with readline facilities
       including history and command name and option completion.  Refer to
       readline(3) for details.
       If lvm is invoked with argv[0] set to the name of a specific LVM
       command (for example by using a hard or soft link) it acts as that
       command.
       On invocation, lvm requires that only the standard file descriptors
       stdin, stdout and stderr are available.  If others are found, they
       get closed and messages are issued warning about the leak.  This
       warning can be suppressed by setting the environment variable
       LVM_SUPPRESS_FD_WARNINGS.
       Where commands take VG or LV names as arguments, the full path name
       is optional.  An LV called "lvol0" in a VG called "vg0" can be
       specified as "vg0/lvol0".  Where a list of VGs is required but is
       left empty, a list of all VGs will be substituted.  Where a list of
       LVs is required but a VG is given, a list of all the LVs in that VG
       will be substituted.  So lvdisplay vg0 will display all the LVs in
       "vg0".  Tags can also be used - see --addtag below.
       One advantage of using the built-in shell is that configuration
       information gets cached internally between commands.
       A file containing a simple script with one command per line can also
       be given on the command line.  The script can also be executed
       directly if the first line is #! followed by the absolute path of
       lvm.
       Additional hyphens within option names are ignored.  For example,
       --readonly and --read-only are both accepted.
