
       lvm.conf is loaded during the initialisation phase of lvm(8).  This
       file can in turn lead to other files being loaded - settings read in
       later override earlier settings.  File timestamps are checked between
       commands and if any have changed, all the files are reloaded.
       For a description of each lvm.conf setting, run:
       lvmconfig --typeconfig default --withcomments --withspaces
       The settings defined in lvm.conf can be overridden by any of these
       extended configuration methods:
       direct config override on command line
              The --config ConfigurationString command line option takes the
              ConfigurationString as direct string representation of the
              configuration to override the existing configuration. The
              ConfigurationString is of exactly the same format as used in
              any LVM configuration file.
       profile config
              A profile is a set of selected customizable configuration
              settings that are aimed to achieve a certain characteristics
              in various environments or uses. It's used to override
              existing configuration.  Normally, the name of the profile
              should reflect that environment or use.
              There are two groups of profiles recognised: command profiles
              and metadata profiles.
              The command profile is used to override selected configuration
              settings at global LVM command level - it is applied at the
              very beginning of LVM command execution and it is used
              throughout the whole time of LVM command execution. The
              command profile is applied by using the --commandprofile
              ProfileName command line option that is recognised by all LVM2
              commands.
              The metadata profile is used to override selected
              configuration settings at Volume Group/Logical Volume level -
              it is applied independently for each Volume Group/Logical
              Volume that is being processed. As such, each Volume
              Group/Logical Volume can store the profile name used in its
              metadata so next time the Volume Group/Logical Volume is
              processed, the profile is applied automatically. If Volume
              Group and any of its Logical Volumes have different profiles
              defined, the profile defined for the Logical Volume is
              preferred. The metadata profile can be attached/detached by
              using the lvchange and vgchange commands and their
              --metadataprofile ProfileName and --detachprofile options or
              the --metadataprofile option during creation when using
              vgcreate or lvcreate command.  The vgs and lvs reporting
              commands provide -o vg_profile and -o lv_profile output
              options to show the metadata profile currently attached to a
              Volume Group or a Logical Volume.
              The set of options allowed for command profiles is mutually
              exclusive when compared to the set of options allowed for
              metadata profiles. The settings that belong to either of these
              two sets can't be mixed together and LVM tools will reject
              such profiles.
              LVM itself provides a few predefined configuration profiles.
              Users are allowed to add more profiles with different values
              if needed.  For this purpose, there's the
              command_profile_template.profile (for command profiles) and
              metadata_profile_template.profile (for metadata profiles)
              which contain all settings that are customizable by profiles
              of certain type. Users are encouraged to copy these template
              profiles and edit them as needed. Alternatively, the lvmconfig
              --file <ProfileName.profile> --type profilable-command
              <section> or lvmconfig --file <ProfileName.profile> --type
              profilable-metadata <section> can be used to generate a
              configuration with profilable settings in either of the type
              for given section and save it to new ProfileName.profile (if
              the section is not specified, all profilable settings are
              reported).
              The profiles are stored in /etc/lvm/profile directory by
              default.  This location can be changed by using the
              config/profile_dir setting.  Each profile configuration is
              stored in ProfileName.profile file in the profile directory.
              When referencing the profile, the .profile suffix is left out.
       tag config
              See tags configuration setting description below.
       When several configuration methods are used at the same time and when
       LVM looks for the value of a particular setting, it traverses this
       config cascade from left to right:
       direct config override on command line-> command profile config->
       metadata profile config-> tag config-> lvmlocal.conf-> lvm.conf
       No part of this cascade is compulsory. If there's no setting value
       found at the end of the cascade, a default value is used for that
       setting.  Use lvmconfig to check what settings are in use and what
       the default values are.
