
       The lvmetad daemon caches LVM metadata so that LVM commands can read
       metadata from the cache rather than scanning disks.  This can be an
       advantage because scanning disks is time consuming and may interfere
       with the normal work of the system.  lvmetad can be a disadvantage
       when disk event notifications from the system are unreliable.
       lvmetad does not read metadata from disks itself.  Instead, it relies
       on an LVM command, like pvscan --cache, to read metadata from disks
       and send it to lvmetad to be cached.
       New LVM disks that appear on the system must be scanned before
       lvmetad knows about them.  If lvmetad does not know about a disk,
       then LVM commands using lvmetad will also not know about it.  When
       disks are added or removed from the system, lvmetad must be updated.
       lvmetad is usually combined with event-based system services that
       automatically run pvscan --cache on disks added or removed.  This
       way, the cache is automatically updated with metadata from new disks
       when they appear.  LVM udev rules and systemd services implement this
       automation.  Automatic scanning is usually combined with automatic
       activation.  For more information, see pvscan(8).
       If lvmetad is started or restarted after disks have been added to the
       system, or if the global_filter has changed, the cache must be
       updated.  This can be done by running pvscan --cache, or it will be
       done automatically by the next LVM command that's run.
       When lvmetad is not used, LVM commands revert to scanning disks for
       LVM metadata.
       In some cases, lvmetad will be temporarily disabled while it
       continues running.  In this state, LVM commands will ignore the
       lvmetad cache and revert to scanning disks.  A warning will also be
       printed which includes the reason why lvmetad is not being used.  The
       most common reasons are the existence of duplicate PVs (lvmetad
       cannot cache data for duplicate PVs), or an 'lvconvert --repair'
       command has been run (the lvmetad cache may not be reliable while
       repairs are neeeded.)  Once duplicates have been resolved, or repairs
       have been completed, the lvmetad cache is can be updated with pvscan
       --cache and commands will return to using the cache.
       Use of lvmetad is enabled/disabled by:
       lvm.conf(5) global/use_lvmetad
       For more information on this setting, see:
       lvmconfig --withcomments global/use_lvmetad
       To ignore disks from LVM at the system level, e.g. lvmetad, pvscan
       use:
       lvm.conf(5) devices/global_filter
       For more information on this setting, see
       lvmconfig --withcomments devices/global_filter
