
       lxc-copy creates and optionally starts (ephemeral or non-ephemeral)
       copies of existing containers.
       lxc-copy creates copies of existing containers. Copies can be
       complete clones of the original container. In this case the whole
       root filesystem of the container is simply copied to the new
       container. Or they can be snapshots, i.e. small copy-on-write copies
       of the original container. In this case the specified backing storage
       for the copy must support snapshots. This currently includes btrfs,
       lvm (lvm devices do not support snapshots of snapshots.), overlay,
       and zfs.
       The copy's backing storage will be of the same type as the original
       container. overlay snapshots of directory backed containers are
       exempted from this rule.
       When the -e flag is specified an ephemeral snapshot of the original
       container is created and started. Ephemeral containers will have
       lxc.ephemeral = 1 set in their config file and will be destroyed on
       shutdown. When -e is used in combination with -D a non-ephemeral
       snapshot of the original container is created and started.  Ephemeral
       containers can also be placed on a tmpfs with -t flag. NOTE: If an
       ephemeral container that is placed on a tmpfs is rebooted all changes
       made to it will currently be lost!
       When -e is specified and no newname is given via -N a random name for
       the snapshot will be chosen.
       Containers created and started with -e can have custom mounts. These
       are specified with the -m flag. Currently two types of mounts are
       supported: bind, and overlay. Mount types are specified as suboptions
       to the -m flag and can be specified multiple times separated by
       commas. overlay mounts are currently specified in the format -m
       overlay=/src:/dest. When no destination dest is specified dest will
       be identical to src. Read-only bind mounts are specified -m
       bind=/src:/dest:ro and read-write bind mounts -m bind=/src:/dest:rw.
       Read-write bind mounts are the default and rw can be missing when a
       read-write mount is wanted. When dest is missing dest will be
       identical to src. An example for multiple mounts would be -m
       bind=/src1:/dest1:ro,bind=/src2:ro,overlay=/src3:/dest3.
       The mounts, their options, and formats supported via the -m flag are
       subject to change.
