
       The /etc/machine-id file contains the unique machine ID of the local
       system that is set during installation. The machine ID is a single
       newline-terminated, hexadecimal, 32-character, lowercase ID. When
       decoded from hexadecimal, this corresponds to a 16-byte/128-bit
       value.
       The machine ID is usually generated from a random source during
       system installation and stays constant for all subsequent boots.
       Optionally, for stateless systems, it is generated during runtime at
       early boot if it is found to be empty.
       The machine ID does not change based on local or network
       configuration or when hardware is replaced. Due to this and its
       greater length, it is a more useful replacement for the gethostid(3)
       call that POSIX specifies.
       This machine ID adheres to the same format and logic as the D-Bus
       machine ID.
       This ID uniquely identifies the host. It should be considered
       "confidential", and must not be exposed in untrusted environments, in
       particular on the network. If a stable unique identifier that is tied
       to the machine is needed for some application, the machine ID or any
       part of it must not be used directly. Instead the machine ID should
       be hashed with a cryptographic, keyed hash function, using a fixed,
       application-specific key. That way the ID will be properly unique,
       and derived in a constant way from the machine ID but there will be
       no way to retrieve the original machine ID from the
       application-specific one. The sd_id128_get_machine_app_specific(3)
       API provides an implementation of such an algorithm.
       The systemd-machine-id-setup(1) tool may be used by installer tools
       to initialize the machine ID at install time. Use
       systemd-firstboot(1) to initialize it on mounted (but not booted)
       system images.
       The machine-id may also be set, for example when network booting, by
       setting the systemd.machine_id= kernel command line parameter or
       passing the option --machine-id= to systemd. A machine-id may not be
       set to all zeros.
