
       The mailx utility provides a message sending and receiving facility.
       It has two major modes, selected by the options used: Send Mode and
       Receive Mode.
       On systems that do not support the User Portability Utilities option,
       an application using mailx shall have the ability to send messages in
       an unspecified manner (Send Mode). Unless the first character of one
       or more lines is <tilde> ('~'), all characters in the input message
       shall appear in the delivered message, but additional characters may
       be inserted in the message before it is retrieved.
       On systems supporting the User Portability Utilities option, mail-
       receiving capabilities and other interactive features, Receive Mode,
       described below, also shall be enabled.
   Send Mode
       Send Mode can be used by applications or users to send messages from
       the text in standard input.
   Receive Mode
       Receive Mode is more oriented towards interactive users. Mail can be
       read and sent in this interactive mode.
       When reading mail, mailx provides commands to facilitate saving,
       deleting, and responding to messages. When sending mail, mailx allows
       editing, reviewing, and other modification of the message as it is
       entered.
       Incoming mail shall be stored in one or more unspecified locations
       for each user, collectively called the system mailbox for that user.
       When mailx is invoked in Receive Mode, the system mailbox shall be
       the default place to find new mail. As messages are read, they shall
       be marked to be moved to a secondary file for storage, unless
       specific action is taken. This secondary file is called the mbox and
       is normally located in the directory referred to by the HOME
       environment variable (see MBOX in the ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES section
       for a description of this file).  Messages shall remain in this file
       until explicitly removed. When the −f option is used to read mail
       messages from secondary files, messages shall be retained in those
       files unless specifically removed. All three of these locations—
       system mailbox, mbox, and secondary file—are referred to in this
       section as simply ``mailboxes'', unless more specific identification
       is required.
