
       man is the system's manual pager.  Each page argument given to man is
       normally the name of a program, utility or function.  The manual page
       associated with each of these arguments is then found and displayed.
       A section, if provided, will direct man to look only in that section
       of the manual.  The default action is to search in all of the
       available sections following a pre-defined order ("1 n l 8 3 0 2 5 4
       9 6 7" by default, unless overridden by the SECTION directive in
       /usr/local/etc/man_db.conf), and to show only the first page found,
       even if page exists in several sections.
       The table below shows the section numbers of the manual followed by
       the types of pages they contain.
       1   Executable programs or shell commands
       2   System calls (functions provided by the kernel)
       3   Library calls (functions within program libraries)
       4   Special files (usually found in /dev)
       5   File formats and conventions eg /etc/passwd
       6   Games
       7   Miscellaneous (including macro packages and conventions), e.g.
           man(7), groff(7)
       8   System administration commands (usually only for root)
       9   Kernel routines [Non standard]
       A manual page consists of several sections.
       Conventional section names include NAME, SYNOPSIS, CONFIGURATION,
       DESCRIPTION, OPTIONS, EXIT STATUS, RETURN VALUE, ERRORS, ENVIRONMENT,
       FILES, VERSIONS, CONFORMING TO, NOTES, BUGS, EXAMPLE, AUTHORS, and
       SEE ALSO.
       The following conventions apply to the SYNOPSIS section and can be
       used as a guide in other sections.
       bold text          type exactly as shown.
       italic text        replace with appropriate argument.
       [-abc]             any or all arguments within [ ] are optional.
       -a|-b              options delimited by | cannot be used together.
       argument ...       argument is repeatable.
       [expression] ...   entire expression within [ ] is repeatable.
       Exact rendering may vary depending on the output device.  For
       instance, man will usually not be able to render italics when running
       in a terminal, and will typically use underlined or coloured text
       instead.
       The command or function illustration is a pattern that should match
       all possible invocations.  In some cases it is advisable to
       illustrate several exclusive invocations as is shown in the SYNOPSIS
       section of this manual page.
