
       For mbsrtowcs(): The functionality described on this reference page
       is aligned with the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the
       requirements described here and the ISO C standard is unintentional.
       This volume of POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The mbsrtowcs() function shall convert a sequence of characters,
       beginning in the conversion state described by the object pointed to
       by ps, from the array indirectly pointed to by src into a sequence of
       corresponding wide characters. If dst is not a null pointer, the
       converted characters shall be stored into the array pointed to by
       dst.  Conversion continues up to and including a terminating null
       character, which shall also be stored. Conversion shall stop early in
       either of the following cases:
        *  A sequence of bytes is encountered that does not form a valid
           character.
        *  len codes have been stored into the array pointed to by dst (and
           dst is not a null pointer).
       Each conversion shall take place as if by a call to the mbrtowc()
       function.
       If dst is not a null pointer, the pointer object pointed to by src
       shall be assigned either a null pointer (if conversion stopped due to
       reaching a terminating null character) or the address just past the
       last character converted (if any). If conversion stopped due to
       reaching a terminating null character, and if dst is not a null
       pointer, the resulting state described shall be the initial
       conversion state.
       If ps is a null pointer, the mbsrtowcs() function shall use its own
       internal mbstate_t object, which is initialized at program start-up
       to the initial conversion state. Otherwise, the mbstate_t object
       pointed to by ps shall be used to completely describe the current
       conversion state of the associated character sequence.
       The mbsnrtowcs() function shall be equivalent to the mbsrtowcs()
       function, except that the conversion of characters pointed to by src
       is limited to at most nmc bytes (the size of the input buffer).
       The behavior of these functions shall be affected by the LC_CTYPE
       category of the current locale.
       The implementation shall behave as if no function defined in this
       volume of POSIX.1‐2008 calls these functions.
       The mbsnrtowcs() and mbsrtowcs() functions need not be thread-safe if
       called with a NULL ps argument.
       The mbsrtowcs() function shall not change the setting of errno if
       successful.
