
       The mkdir() function shall create a new directory with name path.
       The file permission bits of the new directory shall be initialized
       from mode.  These file permission bits of the mode argument shall be
       modified by the process' file creation mask.
       When bits in mode other than the file permission bits are set, the
       meaning of these additional bits is implementation-defined.
       The directory's user ID shall be set to the process' effective user
       ID.  The directory's group ID shall be set to the group ID of the
       parent directory or to the effective group ID of the process.
       Implementations shall provide a way to initialize the directory's
       group ID to the group ID of the parent directory. Implementations
       may, but need not, provide an implementation-defined way to
       initialize the directory's group ID to the effective group ID of the
       calling process.
       The newly created directory shall be an empty directory.
       If path names a symbolic link, mkdir() shall fail and set errno to
       [EEXIST].
       Upon successful completion, mkdir() shall mark for update the last
       data access, last data modification, and last file status change
       timestamps of the directory. Also, the last data modification and
       last file status change timestamps of the directory that contains the
       new entry shall be marked for update.
       The mkdirat() function shall be equivalent to the mkdir() function
       except in the case where path specifies a relative path. In this case
       the newly created directory is created relative to the directory
       associated with the file descriptor fd instead of the current working
       directory. If the file descriptor was opened without O_SEARCH, the
       function shall check whether directory searches are permitted using
       the current permissions of the directory underlying the file
       descriptor. If the file descriptor was opened with O_SEARCH, the
       function shall not perform the check.
       If mkdirat() is passed the special value AT_FDCWD in the fd
       parameter, the current working directory shall be used and the
       behavior shall be identical to a call to mkdir().
