
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The mktime() function shall convert the broken-down time, expressed
       as local time, in the structure pointed to by timeptr, into a time
       since the Epoch value with the same encoding as that of the values
       returned by time().  The original values of the tm_wday and tm_yday
       components of the structure are ignored, and the original values of
       the other components are not restricted to the ranges described in
       <time.h>.
       A positive or 0 value for tm_isdst shall cause mktime() to presume
       initially that Daylight Savings Time, respectively, is or is not in
       effect for the specified time. A negative value for tm_isdst shall
       cause mktime() to attempt to determine whether Daylight Savings Time
       is in effect for the specified time.
       Local timezone information shall be set as though mktime() called
       tzset().
       The relationship between the tm structure (defined in the <time.h>
       header) and the time in seconds since the Epoch is that the result
       shall be as specified in the expression given in the definition of
       seconds since the Epoch (see the Base Definitions volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008, Section 4.15, Seconds Since the Epoch) corrected for
       timezone and any seasonal time adjustments, where the names in the
       structure and in the expression correspond.
       Upon successful completion, the values of the tm_wday and tm_yday
       components of the structure shall be set appropriately, and the other
       components are set to represent the specified time since the Epoch,
       but with their values forced to the ranges indicated in the <time.h>
       entry; the final value of tm_mday shall not be set until tm_mon and
       tm_year are determined.
