
       The mlockall() function shall cause all of the pages mapped by the
       address space of a process to be memory-resident until unlocked or
       until the process exits or execs another process image. The flags
       argument determines whether the pages to be locked are those
       currently mapped by the address space of the process, those that are
       mapped in the future, or both. The flags argument is constructed from
       the bitwise-inclusive OR of one or more of the following symbolic
       constants, defined in <sys/mman.h>:
       MCL_CURRENT Lock all of the pages currently mapped into the address
                   space of the process.
       MCL_FUTURE  Lock all of the pages that become mapped into the address
                   space of the process in the future, when those mappings
                   are established.
       If MCL_FUTURE is specified, and the automatic locking of future
       mappings eventually causes the amount of locked memory to exceed the
       amount of available physical memory or any other implementation-
       defined limit, the behavior is implementation-defined. The manner in
       which the implementation informs the application of these situations
       is also implementation-defined.
       The munlockall() function shall unlock all currently mapped pages of
       the address space of the process. Any pages that become mapped into
       the address space of the process after a call to munlockall() shall
       not be locked, unless there is an intervening call to mlockall()
       specifying MCL_FUTURE or a subsequent call to mlockall() specifying
       MCL_CURRENT. If pages mapped into the address space of the process
       are also mapped into the address spaces of other processes and are
       locked by those processes, the locks established by the other
       processes shall be unaffected by a call by this process to
       munlockall().
       Upon successful return from the mlockall() function that specifies
       MCL_CURRENT, all currently mapped pages of the address space of the
       process shall be memory-resident and locked.  Upon return from the
       munlockall() function, all currently mapped pages of the address
       space of the process shall be unlocked with respect to the address
       space of the process.  The memory residency of unlocked pages is
       unspecified.
       Appropriate privileges are required to lock process memory with
       mlockall().
