
       The rpc.mountd daemon implements the server side of the NFS MOUNT
       protocol, an NFS side protocol used by NFS version 2 [RFC1094] and
       NFS version 3 [RFC1813].
       An NFS server maintains a table of local physical file systems that
       are accessible to NFS clients.  Each file system in this table is
       referred to as an exported file system, or export, for short.
       Each file system in the export table has an access control list.
       rpc.mountd uses these access control lists to determine whether an
       NFS client is permitted to access a given file system.  For details
       on how to manage your NFS server's export table, see the exports(5)
       and exportfs(8) man pages.
   Mounting exported NFS File Systems
       The NFS MOUNT protocol has several procedures.  The most important of
       these are MNT (mount an export) and UMNT (unmount an export).
       A MNT request has two arguments: an explicit argument that contains
       the pathname of the root directory of the export to be mounted, and
       an implicit argument that is the sender's IP address.
       When receiving a MNT request from an NFS client, rpc.mountd checks
       both the pathname and the sender's IP address against its export
       table.  If the sender is permitted to access the requested export,
       rpc.mountd returns an NFS file handle for the export's root directory
       to the client.  The client can then use the root file handle and NFS
       LOOKUP requests to navigate the directory structure of the export.
   The rmtab File
       The rpc.mountd daemon registers every successful MNT request by
       adding an entry to the /var/lib/nfs/rmtab file.  When receivng a UMNT
       request from an NFS client, rpc.mountd simply removes the matching
       entry from /var/lib/nfs/rmtab, as long as the access control list for
       that export allows that sender to access the export.
       Clients can discover the list of file systems an NFS server is
       currently exporting, or the list of other clients that have mounted
       its exports, by using the showmount(8) command.  showmount(8) uses
       other procedures in the NFS MOUNT protocol to report information
       about the server's exported file systems.
       Note, however, that there is little to guarantee that the contents of
       /var/lib/nfs/rmtab are accurate.  A client may continue accessing an
       export even after invoking UMNT.  If the client reboots without
       sending a UMNT request, stale entries remain for that client in
       /var/lib/nfs/rmtab.
