
       mprotect() changes the access protections for the calling process's
       memory pages containing any part of the address range in the interval
       [addr, addr+len-1].  addr must be aligned to a page boundary.
       If the calling process tries to access memory in a manner that
       violates the protections, then the kernel generates a SIGSEGV signal
       for the process.
       prot is a combination of the following access flags: PROT_NONE or a
       bitwise-or of the other values in the following list:
       PROT_NONE  The memory cannot be accessed at all.
       PROT_READ  The memory can be read.
       PROT_WRITE The memory can be modified.
       PROT_EXEC  The memory can be executed.
       PROT_SEM (since Linux 2.5.7)
                  The memory can be used for atomic operations.  This flag
                  was introduced as part of the futex(2) implementation (in
                  order to guarantee the ability to perform atomic
                  operations required by commands such as FUTEX_WAIT), but
                  is not currently used in on any architecture.
       PROT_SAO (since Linux 2.6.26)
                  The memory should have strong access ordering.  This
                  feature is specific to the PowerPC architecture (version
                  2.06 of the architecture specification adds the SAO CPU
                  feature, and it is available on POWER 7 or PowerPC A2, for
                  example).
       Additionally (since Linux 2.6.0), prot can have one of the following
       flags set:
       PROT_GROWSUP
                  Apply the protection mode up to the end of a mapping that
                  grows upwards.  (Such mappings are created for the stack
                  area on architectures—for example, HP-PARISC—that have an
                  upwardly growing stack.)
       PROT_GROWSDOWN
                  Apply the protection mode down to the beginning of a
                  mapping that grows downward (which should be a stack
                  segment or a segment mapped with the MAP_GROWSDOWN flag
                  set).
       Like mprotect(), pkey_mprotect() changes the protection on the pages
       specified by addr and len.  The pkey argument specifies the
       protection key (see pkeys(7)) to assign to the memory.  The
       protection key must be allocated with pkey_alloc(2) before it is
       passed to pkey_mprotect().  For an example of the use of this system
       call, see pkeys(7).
