
       The msync() function shall write all modified data to permanent
       storage locations, if any, in those whole pages containing any part
       of the address space of the process starting at address addr and
       continuing for len bytes. If no such storage exists, msync() need not
       have any effect. If requested, the msync() function shall then
       invalidate cached copies of data.
       The implementation may require that addr be a multiple of the page
       size as returned by sysconf().
       For mappings to files, the msync() function shall ensure that all
       write operations are completed as defined for synchronized I/O data
       integrity completion. It is unspecified whether the implementation
       also writes out other file attributes. When the msync() function is
       called on MAP_PRIVATE mappings, any modified data shall not be
       written to the underlying object and shall not cause such data to be
       made visible to other processes. It is unspecified whether data in
       MAP_PRIVATE mappings has any permanent storage locations.  The effect
       of msync() on a shared memory object or a typed memory object is
       unspecified.  The behavior of this function is unspecified if the
       mapping was not established by a call to mmap().
       The flags argument is constructed from the bitwise-inclusive OR of
       one or more of the following flags defined in the <sys/mman.h>
       header:
                ┌──────────────────┬──────────────────────────────┐
                │Symbolic Constant │         Description          │
                ├──────────────────┼──────────────────────────────┤
                │MS_ASYNC          │ Perform asynchronous writes. │
                │MS_SYNC           │ Perform synchronous writes.  │
                │MS_INVALIDATE     │ Invalidate cached data.      │
                └──────────────────┴──────────────────────────────┘
       When MS_ASYNC is specified, msync() shall return immediately once all
       the write operations are initiated or queued for servicing; when
       MS_SYNC is specified, msync() shall not return until all write
       operations are completed as defined for synchronized I/O data
       integrity completion. Either MS_ASYNC or MS_SYNC shall be specified,
       but not both.
       When MS_INVALIDATE is specified, msync() shall invalidate all cached
       copies of mapped data that are inconsistent with the permanent
       storage locations such that subsequent references shall obtain data
       that was consistent with the permanent storage locations sometime
       between the call to msync() and the first subsequent memory reference
       to the data.
       If msync() causes any write to a file, the file's last data
       modification and last file status change timestamps shall be marked
       for update.
