
   newwin
       Calling newwin creates and returns a pointer to a new window with the
       given number of lines and columns.  The upper left-hand corner of the
       window is at
              line begin_y,
              column begin_x
       If either nlines or ncols is zero, they default to
              LINES - begin_y and
              COLS - begin_x.
       A new full-screen window is created by calling newwin(0,0,0,0).
   delwin
       Calling delwin deletes the named window, freeing all memory
       associated with it (it does not actually erase the window's screen
       image).  Subwindows must be deleted before the main window can be
       deleted.
   mvwin
       Calling mvwin moves the window so that the upper left-hand corner is
       at position (x, y).  If the move would cause the window to be off the
       screen, it is an error and the window is not moved.  Moving
       subwindows is allowed, but should be avoided.
   subwin
       Calling subwin creates and returns a pointer to a new window with the
       given number of lines, nlines, and columns, ncols.  The window is at
       position (begin_y, begin_x) on the screen.  The subwindow shares
       memory with the window orig, so that changes made to one window will
       affect both windows.  When using this routine, it is necessary to
       call touchwin or touchline on orig before calling wrefresh on the
       subwindow.
   derwin
       Calling derwin is the same as calling subwin, except that begin_y and
       begin_x are relative to the origin of the window orig rather than the
       screen.  There is no difference between the subwindows and the
       derived windows.
       Calling mvderwin moves a derived window (or subwindow) inside its
       parent window.  The screen-relative parameters of the window are not
       changed.  This routine is used to display different parts of the
       parent window at the same physical position on the screen.
   dupwin
       Calling dupwin creates an exact duplicate of the window win.
   wsyncup
       Calling wsyncup touches all locations in ancestors of win that are
       changed in win.  If syncok is called with second argument TRUE then
       wsyncup is called automatically whenever there is a change in the
       window.
   wsyncdown
       The wsyncdown routine touches each location in win that has been
       touched in any of its ancestor windows.  This routine is called by
       wrefresh, so it should almost never be necessary to call it manually.
   wcursyncup
       The routine wcursyncup updates the current cursor position of all the
       ancestors of the window to reflect the current cursor position of the
       window.
