
       The newgrp utility shall create a new shell execution environment
       with a new real and effective group identification. Of the attributes
       listed in Section 2.12, Shell Execution Environment, the new shell
       execution environment shall retain the working directory, file
       creation mask, and exported variables from the previous environment
       (that is, open files, traps, unexported variables, alias definitions,
       shell functions, and set options may be lost). All other aspects of
       the process environment that are preserved by the exec family of
       functions defined in the System Interfaces volume of POSIX.1‐2008
       shall also be preserved by newgrp; whether other aspects are
       preserved is unspecified.
       A failure to assign the new group identifications (for example, for
       security or password-related reasons) shall not prevent the new shell
       execution environment from being created.
       The newgrp utility shall affect the supplemental groups for the
       process as follows:
        *  On systems where the effective group ID is normally in the
           supplementary group list (or whenever the old effective group ID
           actually is in the supplementary group list):
           --  If the new effective group ID is also in the supplementary
               group list, newgrp shall change the effective group ID.
           --  If the new effective group ID is not in the supplementary
               group list, newgrp shall add the new effective group ID to
               the list, if there is room to add it.
        *  On systems where the effective group ID is not normally in the
           supplementary group list (or whenever the old effective group ID
           is not in the supplementary group list):
           --  If the new effective group ID is in the supplementary group
               list, newgrp shall delete it.
           --  If the old effective group ID is not in the supplementary
               list, newgrp shall add it if there is room.
       Note:     The System Interfaces volume of POSIX.1‐2008 does not
                 specify whether the effective group ID of a process is
                 included in its supplementary group list.
       With no operands, newgrp shall change the effective group back to the
       groups identified in the user's user entry, and shall set the list of
       supplementary groups to that set in the user's group database
       entries.
       If the first argument is '−', the results are unspecified.
       If a password is required for the specified group, and the user is
       not listed as a member of that group in the group database, the user
       shall be prompted to enter the correct password for that group. If
       the user is listed as a member of that group, no password shall be
       requested.  If no password is required for the specified group, it is
       implementation-defined whether users not listed as members of that
       group can change to that group. Whether or not a password is
       required, implementation-defined system accounting or security
       mechanisms may impose additional authorization restrictions that may
       cause newgrp to write a diagnostic message and suppress the changing
       of the group identification.
