
       newhelp generates the Performance Co-Pilot help text files used by
       Performance Metric Domain Agents (PMDAs).
       Normally newhelp operates on the default Performance Metrics Name
       Space (PMNS), however if the -n option is specified an alternative
       namespace is loaded from the file pmnsfile.
       When there is only one input file, the base name of the new database
       is derived from the name of the input file, otherwise the -o flag
       must be given to explicitly name the database.  If no input files are
       supplied, newhelp reads from the standard input stream, in which case
       the -o flag must be given.
       If the output file name is determined to be foo, newhelp will create
       foo.dir and foo.pag.
       Although historically there have been multiple help text file
       formats, the only format currently supported using the -v option is
       version 2, and this is the default if no -v flag is provided.
       The -V flag causes verbose messages to be printed while newhelp is
       parsing its input.
       The first line of each entry in a help source file consists of an
       ``@'' character beginning the line followed by a space and then the
       performance metric name and a one line description of the metric.
       Following lines (up to the next line beginning with ``@'' or end of
       file) may contain a verbose help description.  E.g.
            #
            # This is an example of newhelp's input syntax
            #
            @ kernel.all.cpu.idle CPU idle time
            A cumulative count of the number of milliseconds
            of CPU idle time, summed over all processors.
       Three-part numeric metric identifiers (PMIDs) may be used in place of
       metric names, e.g. 60.0.23 rather than kernel.all.cpu.idle in the
       example above.  Other than for dynamic metrics (where the existence
       of a metric is known to a PMDA, but not visible in the PMNS and hence
       has no name that could be known to newhelp) use of this syntactic
       variant is not encouraged.
       Lines beginning with ``#'' are ignored, as are blank lines in the
       file before the first ``@''.  The verbose help text is optional.
       As a special case, a ``metric'' name of the form NNN.MM (for numeric
       NNN and MM) is interpreted as an instance domain identification, and
       the text describes the instance domain.
