
       The newusers command reads a file (or the standard input by default)
       and uses this information to update a set of existing users or to
       create new users. Each line is in the same format as the standard
       password file (see passwd(5)) with the exceptions explained below:
       pw_name:pw_passwd:pw_uid:pw_gid:pw_gecos:pw_dir:pw_shell
       pw_name
           This is the name of the user.
           It can be the name of a new user or the name of an existing user
           (or a user created before by newusers). In case of an existing
           user, the user's information will be changed, otherwise a new
           user will be created.
       pw_passwd
           This field will be encrypted and used as the new value of the
           encrypted password.
       pw_uid
           This field is used to define the UID of the user.
           If the field is empty, a new (unused) UID will be defined
           automatically by newusers.
           If this field contains a number, this number will be used as the
           UID.
           If this field contains the name of an existing user (or the name
           of a user created before by newusers), the UID of the specified
           user will be used.
           If the UID of an existing user is changed, the files ownership of
           the user's file should be fixed manually.
       pw_gid
           This field is used to define the primary group ID for the user.
           If this field contains the name of an existing group (or a group
           created before by newusers), the GID of this group will be used
           as the primary group ID for the user.
           If this field is a number, this number will be used as the
           primary group ID of the user. If no groups exist with this GID, a
           new group will be created with this GID, and the name of the
           user.
           If this field is empty, a new group will be created with the name
           of the user and a GID will be automatically defined by newusers
           to be used as the primary group ID for the user and as the GID
           for the new group.
           If this field contains the name of a group which does not exist
           (and was not created before by newusers), a new group will be
           created with the specified name and a GID will be automatically
           defined by newusers to be used as the primary group ID for the
           user and GID for the new group.
       pw_gecos
           This field is copied in the GECOS field of the user.
       pw_dir
           This field is used to define the home directory of the user.
           If this field does not specify an existing directory, the
           specified directory is created, with ownership set to the user
           being created or updated and its primary group.
           If the home directory of an existing user is changed, newusers
           does not move or copy the content of the old directory to the new
           location. This should be done manually.
       pw_shell
           This field defines the shell of the user. No checks are performed
           on this field.
       newusers first tries to create or change all the specified users, and
       then write these changes to the user or group databases. If an error
       occurs (except in the final writes to the databases), no changes are
       committed to the databases.
       During this first pass, users are created with a locked password (and
       passwords are not changed for the users which are not created). A
       second pass is used to update the passwords using PAM. Failures to
       update a password are reported, but will not stop the other password
       updates.
       This command is intended to be used in a large system environment
       where many accounts are updated at a single time.
