
       NFS is an Internet Standard protocol created by Sun Microsystems in
       1984. NFS was developed to allow file sharing between systems
       residing on a local area network.  Depending on kernel configuration,
       the Linux NFS client may support NFS versions 2, 3, 4.0, 4.1, or 4.2.
       The mount(8) command attaches a file system to the system's name
       space hierarchy at a given mount point.  The /etc/fstab file
       describes how mount(8) should assemble a system's file name hierarchy
       from various independent file systems (including file systems
       exported by NFS servers).  Each line in the /etc/fstab file describes
       a single file system, its mount point, and a set of default mount
       options for that mount point.
       For NFS file system mounts, a line in the /etc/fstab file specifies
       the server name, the path name of the exported server directory to
       mount, the local directory that is the mount point, the type of file
       system that is being mounted, and a list of mount options that
       control the way the filesystem is mounted and how the NFS client
       behaves when accessing files on this mount point.  The fifth and
       sixth fields on each line are not used by NFS, thus conventionally
       each contain the digit zero. For example:
               server:path   /mountpoint   fstype   option,option,...   0 0
       The server's hostname and export pathname are separated by a colon,
       while the mount options are separated by commas. The remaining fields
       are separated by blanks or tabs.
       The server's hostname can be an unqualified hostname, a fully
       qualified domain name, a dotted quad IPv4 address, or an IPv6 address
       enclosed in square brackets.  Link-local and site-local IPv6
       addresses must be accompanied by an interface identifier.  See
       ipv6(7) for details on specifying raw IPv6 addresses.
       The fstype field contains "nfs".  Use of the "nfs4" fstype in
       /etc/fstab is deprecated.
