
       This file contains site-specific configuration for various NFS
       daemons and other processes.  Most configuration can also be passed
       to processes via command line arguments, but it can be more
       convenient to have a central file.  In particular, this encourages
       consistent configuration across different processes.
       When command line options are provided, they override values set in
       this file.  When this file does not specify a particular parameter,
       and no command line option is provided, each tool provides its own
       default values.
       The file format supports multiple sections, each of which can contain
       multiple value assignments.  A section is introduced by a line
       containing the section name enclosed in square brackets, so
              [global]
       would introduce a section called global.  A value assignment is a
       single line that has the name of the value, an equals sign, and a
       setting for the value, so
              threads = 4
       would set the value named threads in the current section to 4.
       Leading and trailing spaces and tab are ignored, as are spaces and
       tabs surrounding the equals sign.  Single and double quotes
       surrounding the assigned value are also removed.  If the resulting
       string is empty, the whole assignment is ignored.
       Any line starting with “#” or “;” is ignored, as is any blank line.
       If the assigned value started with a “$” then the remainder is
       treated as a name and looked for in the section [environment] or in
       the processes environment (see environ(7)).  The value found is used
       for this value.
       The value name include is special.  If a section contains
              include = /some/file/name
       then the named file will be read, and any value assignments found
       there-in will be added to the current section.  If the file contains
       section headers, then new sections will be created just as if the
       included file appeared in place of the include line.
       Lookup of section and value names is case-insensitive.
       Where a Boolean value is expected, any of true, t, yes, y, on, or 1
       can be used for "true", while false, f, no, n, off, or 0 can be used
       for "false".  Comparisons are case-insensitive.
