
       The nfsref(8) command is a simple way to get started managing
       junction metadata.  Other administrative commands provide richer
       access to junction information.
   Subcommands
       Valid nfsref(8) subcommands are:
       add    Adds junction information to the directory named by pathname.
              The named directory must already exist, and must not already
              contain junction information.  Regular directory contents are
              obscured to NFS clients by this operation.
              A list of one or more file server and export path pairs is
              also specified on the command line.  When creating an NFS
              basic junction, this list is stored in an extended attribute
              of the directory.
              If junction creation is successful, the nfsref(8) command
              flushes the kernel's export cache to remove previously cached
              junction information.
       remove Removes junction information from the directory named by
              pathname.  The named directory must exist, and must contain
              junction information.  Regular directory contents are made
              visible to NFS clients again by this operation.
              If junction deletion is successful, the nfsref(8) command
              flushes the kernel's export cache to remove previously cached
              junction information.
       lookup Displays junction information stored in the directory named by
              pathname.  The named directory must exist, and must contain
              junction information.
              When looking up an NFS basic junction, the junction
              information in the directory is listed on stdout.
   Command line options
       -d, --debug
              Enables debugging messages during operation.
       -t, --type=junction-type
              Specifies the junction type for the operation.  Valid values
              for junction-type are nfs-basic or nfs-fedfs.
              For the add subcommand, the default value if this option is
              not specified is nfs-basic.  For the remove and lookup
              subcommands, the --type option is not required.  The nfsref(8)
              command operates on whatever junction contents are available.
