
       The file /etc/nscd.conf is read from nscd(8) at startup.  Each line
       specifies either an attribute and a value, or an attribute, service,
       and a value.  Fields are separated either by SPACE or TAB characters.
       A '#' (number sign) indicates the beginning of a comment; following
       characters, up to the end of the line, are not interpreted by nscd.
       Valid services are passwd, group, hosts, services, or netgroup.
       logfile debug-file-name
              Specifies name of the file to which debug info should be
              written.
       debug-level value
              Sets the desired debug level.  The default is 0.
       threads number
              This is the number of threads that are started to wait for
              requests.  At least five threads will always be created.
       max-threads number
              Specifies the maximum number of threads.  The default is 32.
       server-user user
              If this option is set, nscd will run as this user and not as
              root.  If a separate cache for every user is used (-S
              parameter), this option is ignored.
       stat-user user
              Specifies the user who is allowed to request statistics.
       reload-count unlimited | number
              Limit on the number of times a cached entry gets reloaded
              without being used before it gets removed.  The default is 5.
       paranoia <yes|no>
              Enabling paranoia mode causes nscd to restart itself
              periodically.  The default is no.
       restart-interval time
              Sets the restart interval to time seconds if periodic restart
              is enabled by enabling paranoia mode.  The default is 3600.
       enable-cache service <yes|no>
              Enables or disables the specified service cache.  The default
              is no.
       positive-time-to-live service value
              Sets the TTL (time-to-live) for positive entries (successful
              queries) in the specified cache for service.  Value is in
              seconds.  Larger values increase cache hit rates and reduce
              mean response times, but increase problems with cache
              coherence.
       negative-time-to-live service value
              Sets the TTL (time-to-live) for negative entries (unsuccessful
              queries) in the specified cache for service.  Value is in
              seconds.  Can result in significant performance improvements
              if there are several files owned by UIDs (user IDs) not in
              system databases (for example untarring the Linux kernel
              sources as root); should be kept small to reduce cache
              coherency problems.
       suggested-size service value
              This is the internal hash table size, value should remain a
              prime number for optimum efficiency.  The default is 211.
       check-files service <yes|no>
              Enables or disables checking the file belonging to the
              specified service for changes.  The files are /etc/passwd,
              /etc/group, /etc/hosts, /etc/services and /etc/netgroup.  The
              default is yes.
       persistent service <yes|no>
              Keep the content of the cache for service over server
              restarts; useful when paranoia mode is set.  The default is
              no.
       shared service <yes|no>
              The memory mapping of the nscd databases for service is shared
              with the clients so that they can directly search in them
              instead of having to ask the daemon over the socket each time
              a lookup is performed.  The default is no.
       max-db-size service bytes
              The maximum allowable size, in bytes, of the database files
              for the service.  The default is 33554432.
       auto-propagate service <yes|no>
              When set to no for passwd or group service, then the .byname
              requests are not added to passwd.byuid or group.bygid cache.
              This can help with tables containing multiple records for the
              same ID.  The default is yes.  This option is valid only for
              services passwd and group.
