
       The getopt() function is a command-line parser that shall follow
       Utility Syntax Guidelines 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, and 10 in the Base
       Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008, Section 12.2, Utility Syntax
       Guidelines.
       The parameters argc and argv are the argument count and argument
       array as passed to main() (see exec()).  The argument optstring is a
       string of recognized option characters; if a character is followed by
       a <colon>, the option takes an argument. All option characters
       allowed by Utility Syntax Guideline 3 are allowed in optstring.  The
       implementation may accept other characters as an extension.
       The variable optind is the index of the next element of the argv[]
       vector to be processed. It shall be initialized to 1 by the system,
       and getopt() shall update it when it finishes with each element of
       argv[].  If the application sets optind to zero before calling
       getopt(), the behavior is unspecified. When an element of argv[]
       contains multiple option characters, it is unspecified how getopt()
       determines which options have already been processed.
       The getopt() function shall return the next option character (if one
       is found) from argv that matches a character in optstring, if there
       is one that matches. If the option takes an argument, getopt() shall
       set the variable optarg to point to the option-argument as follows:
        1. If the option was the last character in the string pointed to by
           an element of argv, then optarg shall contain the next element of
           argv, and optind shall be incremented by 2. If the resulting
           value of optind is greater than argc, this indicates a missing
           option-argument, and getopt() shall return an error indication.
        2. Otherwise, optarg shall point to the string following the option
           character in that element of argv, and optind shall be
           incremented by 1.
       If, when getopt() is called:
            argv[optind]  is a null pointer
           *argv[optind]  is not the character −
            argv[optind]  points to the string "−"
       getopt() shall return −1 without changing optind.  If:
           argv[optind]   points to the string "−−"
       getopt() shall return −1 after incrementing optind.
       If getopt() encounters an option character that is not contained in
       optstring, it shall return the <question-mark> ('?')  character. If
       it detects a missing option-argument, it shall return the <colon>
       character (':') if the first character of optstring was a <colon>, or
       a <question-mark> character ('?')  otherwise. In either case,
       getopt() shall set the variable optopt to the option character that
       caused the error. If the application has not set the variable opterr
       to 0 and the first character of optstring is not a <colon>, getopt()
       shall also print a diagnostic message to stderr in the format
       specified for the getopts utility.
       The getopt() function need not be thread-safe.
