
       ovs-sim provides a convenient environment for running one or more
       Open vSwitch instances and related software in a sandboxed simulation
       environment.
       To use ovs-sim, first build Open vSwitch, then invoke it directly
       from the build directory, e.g.:
       git clone https://github.com/openvswitch/ovs.git
       cd ovs
       ./configure
       make
       utilities/ovs-sim
       When invoked in the most ordinary way as shown above, ovs-sim does
       the following:
              1.
                Creates a directory sandbox as a subdirectory of the current
                directory (first destroying such a directory if it already
                exists) and cds into that directory.
              2.
                Installs all of the Open vSwitch manpages into a man
                subdirectory of sandbox and adjusts the MANPATH environment
                variable so that man and other manpage viewers can find
                them.
              3.
                Creates a simulated Open vSwitch named main and sets it up
                as the default target for OVS commands, as if the following
                ovs-sim commands had been run:
                          sim_add main
                          as main
                See Commands, below, for an explanation.
              4.
                Runs any scripts specified on the command line (see Options
                below). The scripts can use arbitrary Bash syntax, plus the
                additional commands described under Commands, below.
              5.
                If no scripts were specified, or if -i or --interactive was
                specified, invokes an interactive Bash subshell. The user
                can use arbitrary Bash commands, plus the additional
                commands described under Commands, below.
       ovs-sim and the sandbox environment that it creates does not require
       superuser or other special privileges. Generally, it should not be
       run with such privileges.
