
       Some Linux network drivers support a feature called ``VLAN
       acceleration''.  VLAN acceleration is associated with a data
       structure called a vlan_group that is, abstractly, a dictionary that
       maps from a VLAN ID (in the range 0 to 4095) to a VLAN device, that
       is, a Linux network device associated with a particular VLAN, e.g.
       eth0.9 for VLAN 9 on eth0.
       Some drivers that support VLAN acceleration have bugs that fall
       roughly into the categories listed below.  ovs-vlan-test(8) can test
       for these driver bugs.
       路      When NICs use VLAN stripping on receive they must pass a
              pointer to a vlan_group when reporting the stripped tag to the
              networking core.  If no vlan_group is in use then some drivers
              just drop the extracted tag.  Drivers are supposed to only
              enable stripping if a vlan_group is registered but not all of
              them do that.
       路      On receive, some drivers handle priority tagged packets
              specially and don't pass the tag onto the network stack at
              all, so Open vSwitch never has a chance to see it.
       路      Some drivers size their receive buffers based on whether a
              vlan_group is enabled, meaning that a maximum size packet with
              a VLAN tag will not fit if no vlan_group is configured.
       路      On transmit, some drivers expect that VLAN acceleration will
              be used if it is available, which can only be done if a
              vlan_group is configured.  In these cases, the driver may fail
              to parse the packet and correctly setup checksum offloading or
              TSO.
       The correct long term solution is to fix these driver bugs.
       For now, ovs-vlan-bug-workaround can enable a special-purpose
       workaround for devices with buggy VLAN acceleration.  A kernel patch
       must be applied for this workaround to work.
       Use the command ovs-vlan-bug-workaround netdev on to enable the VLAN
       driver bug workaround for network device netdev.  Use the command
       ovs-vlan-bug-workaround netdev off to disable the VLAN driver bug
       workaround for network device netdev.
