
       The ovs-vsctl program configures ovs-vswitchd(8) by providing a
       high-level interface to its configuration database.  See
       ovs-vswitchd.conf.db(5) for comprehensive documentation of the
       database schema.
       ovs-vsctl connects to an ovsdb-server process that maintains an Open
       vSwitch configuration database.  Using this connection, it queries
       and possibly applies changes to the database, depending on the
       supplied commands.  Then, if it applied any changes, by default it
       waits until ovs-vswitchd has finished reconfiguring itself before it
       exits.  (If you use ovs-vsctl when ovs-vswitchd is not running, use
       --no-wait.)
       ovs-vsctl can perform any number of commands in a single run,
       implemented as a single atomic transaction against the database.
       The ovs-vsctl command line begins with global options (see OPTIONS
       below for details).  The global options are followed by one or more
       commands.  Each command should begin with -- by itself as a command-
       line argument, to separate it from the following commands.  (The --
       before the first command is optional.)  The command itself starts
       with command-specific options, if any, followed by the command name
       and any arguments.  See EXAMPLES below for syntax examples.
   Linux VLAN Bridging Compatibility
       The ovs-vsctl program supports the model of a bridge implemented by
       Open vSwitch, in which a single bridge supports ports on multiple
       VLANs.  In this model, each port on a bridge is either a trunk port
       that potentially passes packets tagged with 802.1Q headers that
       designate VLANs or it is assigned a single implicit VLAN that is
       never tagged with an 802.1Q header.
       For compatibility with software designed for the Linux bridge,
       ovs-vsctl also supports a model in which traffic associated with a
       given 802.1Q VLAN is segregated into a separate bridge.  A special
       form of the add-br command (see below) creates a ``fake bridge''
       within an Open vSwitch bridge to simulate this behavior.  When such a
       ``fake bridge'' is active, ovs-vsctl will treat it much like a bridge
       separate from its ``parent bridge,'' but the actual implementation in
       Open vSwitch uses only a single bridge, with ports on the fake bridge
       assigned the implicit VLAN of the fake bridge of which they are
       members.  (A fake bridge for VLAN 0 receives packets that have no
       802.1Q tag or a tag with VLAN 0.)
