
   Overview
       curses supports color attributes on terminals with that capability.
       To use these routines start_color must be called, usually right after
       initscr.  Colors are always used in pairs (referred to as color-
       pairs).  A color-pair consists of a foreground color (for characters)
       and a background color (for the blank field on which the characters
       are displayed).  A programmer initializes a color-pair with the
       routine init_pair.  After it has been initialized, COLOR_PAIR(n) can
       be used to convert the pair to a video attribute.
       If a terminal is capable of redefining colors, the programmer can use
       the routine init_color to change the definition of a color.  The
       routines has_colors and can_change_color return TRUE or FALSE,
       depending on whether the terminal has color capabilities and whether
       the programmer can change the colors.  The routine color_content
       allows a programmer to extract the amounts of red, green, and blue
       components in an initialized color.  The routine pair_content allows
       a programmer to find out how a given color-pair is currently defined.
   Color Rendering
       The curses library combines these inputs to produce the actual
       foreground and background colors shown on the screen:
       ·   per-character video attributes (e.g., via waddch),
       ·   the window attribute (e.g., by wattrset), and
       ·   the background character (e.g., wbkgdset).
       Per-character and window attributes are usually set by a parameter
       containing video attributes including a color pair value.  Some
       functions such as wattr_set use a separate parameter which is the
       color pair number.
       The background character is a special case: it includes a character
       value, just as if it were passed to waddch.
       The curses library does the actual work of combining these color
       pairs in an internal function called from waddch:
       ·   If the parameter passed to waddch is blank, and it uses the
           special color pair 0,
           ·   curses next checks the window attribute.
           ·   If the window attribute does not use color pair 0, curses
               uses the color pair from the window attribute.
           ·   Otherwise, curses uses the background character.
       ·   If the parameter passed to waddch is not blank, or it does not
           use the special color pair 0, curses prefers the color pair from
           the parameter, if it is nonzero.  Otherwise, it tries the window
           attribute next, and finally the background character.
       Some curses functions such as wprintw call waddch.  Those do not
       combine its parameter with a color pair.  Consequently those calls
       use only the window attribute or the background character.
