
       This is the standard Unix authentication module. It uses standard
       calls from the system's libraries to retrieve and set account
       information as well as authentication. Usually this is obtained from
       the /etc/passwd and the /etc/shadow file as well if shadow is
       enabled.
       The account component performs the task of establishing the status of
       the user's account and password based on the following shadow
       elements: expire, last_change, max_change, min_change, warn_change.
       In the case of the latter, it may offer advice to the user on
       changing their password or, through the PAM_AUTHTOKEN_REQD return,
       delay giving service to the user until they have established a new
       password. The entries listed above are documented in the shadow(5)
       manual page. Should the user's record not contain one or more of
       these entries, the corresponding shadow check is not performed.
       The authentication component performs the task of checking the users
       credentials (password). The default action of this module is to not
       permit the user access to a service if their official password is
       blank.
       A helper binary, unix_chkpwd(8), is provided to check the user's
       password when it is stored in a read protected database. This binary
       is very simple and will only check the password of the user invoking
       it. It is called transparently on behalf of the user by the
       authenticating component of this module. In this way it is possible
       for applications like xlock(1) to work without being setuid-root. The
       module, by default, will temporarily turn off SIGCHLD handling for
       the duration of execution of the helper binary. This is generally the
       right thing to do, as many applications are not prepared to handle
       this signal from a child they didn't know was fork()d. The noreap
       module argument can be used to suppress this temporary shielding and
       may be needed for use with certain applications.
       The maximum length of a password supported by the pam_unix module via
       the helper binary is PAM_MAX_RESP_SIZE - currently 512 bytes. The
       rest of the password provided by the conversation function to the
       module will be ignored.
       The password component of this module performs the task of updating
       the user's password. The default encryption hash is taken from the
       ENCRYPT_METHOD variable from /etc/login.defs
       The session component of this module logs when a user logins or leave
       the system.
       Remaining arguments, supported by others functions of this module,
       are silently ignored. Other arguments are logged as errors through
       syslog(3).
