
       The passwd command changes passwords for user accounts. A normal user
       may only change the password for his/her own account, while the
       superuser may change the password for any account.  passwd also
       changes the account or associated password validity period.
   Password Changes
       The user is first prompted for his/her old password, if one is
       present. This password is then encrypted and compared against the
       stored password. The user has only one chance to enter the correct
       password. The superuser is permitted to bypass this step so that
       forgotten passwords may be changed.
       After the password has been entered, password aging information is
       checked to see if the user is permitted to change the password at
       this time. If not, passwd refuses to change the password and exits.
       The user is then prompted twice for a replacement password. The
       second entry is compared against the first and both are required to
       match in order for the password to be changed.
       Then, the password is tested for complexity. As a general guideline,
       passwords should consist of 6 to 8 characters including one or more
       characters from each of the following sets:
       ·   lower case alphabetics
       ·   digits 0 thru 9
       ·   punctuation marks
       Care must be taken not to include the system default erase or kill
       characters.  passwd will reject any password which is not suitably
       complex.
   Hints for user passwords
       The security of a password depends upon the strength of the
       encryption algorithm and the size of the key space. The legacy UNIX
       System encryption method is based on the NBS DES algorithm. More
       recent methods are now recommended (see ENCRYPT_METHOD). The size of
       the key space depends upon the randomness of the password which is
       selected.
       Compromises in password security normally result from careless
       password selection or handling. For this reason, you should not
       select a password which appears in a dictionary or which must be
       written down. The password should also not be a proper name, your
       license number, birth date, or street address. Any of these may be
       used as guesses to violate system security.
       You can find advice on how to choose a strong password on
       http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Password_strength
