
       The pax utility shall read, write, and write lists of the members of
       archive files and copy directory hierarchies. A variety of archive
       formats shall be supported; see the −x format option.
       The action to be taken depends on the presence of the −r and −w
       options. The four combinations of −r and −w are referred to as the
       four modes of operation: list, read, write, and copy modes,
       corresponding respectively to the four forms shown in the SYNOPSIS
       section.
       list      In list mode (when neither −r nor −w are specified), pax
                 shall write the names of the members of the archive file
                 read from the standard input, with pathnames matching the
                 specified patterns, to standard output. If a named file is
                 of type directory, the file hierarchy rooted at that file
                 shall be listed as well.
       read      In read mode (when −r is specified, but −w is not), pax
                 shall extract the members of the archive file read from the
                 standard input, with pathnames matching the specified
                 patterns. If an extracted file is of type directory, the
                 file hierarchy rooted at that file shall be extracted as
                 well. The extracted files shall be created performing
                 pathname resolution with the directory in which pax was
                 invoked as the current working directory.
                 If an attempt is made to extract a directory when the
                 directory already exists, this shall not be considered an
                 error. If an attempt is made to extract a FIFO when the
                 FIFO already exists, this shall not be considered an error.
                 The ownership, access, and modification times, and file
                 mode of the restored files are discussed under the −p
                 option.
       write     In write mode (when −w is specified, but −r is not), pax
                 shall write the contents of the file operands to the
                 standard output in an archive format. If no file operands
                 are specified, a list of files to copy, one per line, shall
                 be read from the standard input and each entry in this list
                 shall be processed as if it had been a file operand on the
                 command line. A file of type directory shall include all of
                 the files in the file hierarchy rooted at the file.
       copy      In copy mode (when both −r and −w are specified), pax shall
                 copy the file operands to the destination directory.
                 If no file operands are specified, a list of files to copy,
                 one per line, shall be read from the standard input. A file
                 of type directory shall include all of the files in the
                 file hierarchy rooted at the file.
                 The effect of the copy shall be as if the copied files were
                 written to a pax format archive file and then subsequently
                 extracted, except that there may be hard links between the
                 original and the copied files. If the destination directory
                 is a subdirectory of one of the files to be copied, the
                 results are unspecified. If the destination directory is a
                 file of a type not defined by the System Interfaces volume
                 of POSIX.1‐2008, the results are implementation-defined;
                 otherwise, it shall be an error for the file named by the
                 directory operand not to exist, not be writable by the
                 user, or not be a file of type directory.
       In read or copy modes, if intermediate directories are necessary to
       extract an archive member, pax shall perform actions equivalent to
       the mkdir() function defined in the System Interfaces volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008, called with the following arguments:
        *  The intermediate directory used as the path argument
        *  The value of the bitwise-inclusive OR of S_IRWXU, S_IRWXG, and
           S_IRWXO as the mode argument
       If any specified pattern or file operands are not matched by at least
       one file or archive member, pax shall write a diagnostic message to
       standard error for each one that did not match and exit with a non-
       zero exit status.
       The archive formats described in the EXTENDED DESCRIPTION section
       shall be automatically detected on input. The default output archive
       format shall be implementation-defined.
       A single archive can span multiple files. The pax utility shall
       determine, in an implementation-defined manner, what file to read or
       write as the next file.
       If the selected archive format supports the specification of linked
       files, it shall be an error if these files cannot be linked when the
       archive is extracted. For archive formats that do not store file
       contents with each name that causes a hard link, if the file that
       contains the data is not extracted during this pax session, either
       the data shall be restored from the original file, or a diagnostic
       message shall be displayed with the name of a file that can be used
       to extract the data. In traversing directories, pax shall detect
       infinite loops; that is, entering a previously visited directory that
       is an ancestor of the last file visited. When it detects an infinite
       loop, pax shall write a diagnostic message to standard error and
       shall terminate.
