
       pcp-tapestat reports I/O statistics for tape devices By default pcp-
       tapestat reports live data for the local host but can also report for
       a remote host (-h) or from a previously captured PCP archive (-a).
       The -S, -T, -O and -A options may be used to define a time window to
       restrict the samples retrieved, set an initial origin within the time
       window, or specify a ``natural'' alignment of the sample times; refer
       to PCPIntro(1) for a complete description of these options.
       The other options which control the source, timing and layout of the
       information reported by pcp-tapestat are as follows:
       -a   Performance metric values are retrieved from the Performance Co-
            Pilot (PCP) archive log files identified by the argument
            archive, which is a comma-separated list of names, each of which
            may be the base name of an archive or the name of a directory
            containing one or more archives. See also -u.
       -G   Specifies that statistics for device names matching the regular
            expression specified with the -R regex option should be
            aggregated according to method.  Note this is aggregation based
            on matching device names (not temporal aggregation).  When -G is
            used, the device name column is reported as method(regex), e.g.
            if -G sum -R 'st(0|1)$' is specified, the device column will be
            sum(st(0|1)$) and summed statistics for st0 and st1 will be
            reported in the remaining columns.  If -G is specified but -R is
            not specified, then the default regex is .*, i.e. matching all
            device names.  If method is sum then the statistics are summed.
            If method is avg then the statistics are summed and then
            averaged by dividing by the number of matching device names.  If
            method is min or max, the minimum or maximum statistics for
            matching devices are reported, respectfully.
       -h   Current performance metric values are retrieved from the
            nominated host machine.
       -s   The argument samples defines the number of samples to be
            retrieved and reported.  If samples is 0 or -s is not specified,
            pcp-tapestat will sample and report continuously (in real time
            mode) or until the end of the set of PCP archives (in archive
            mode).
       -t   The default update interval may be set to something other than
            the default 1 second.  The interval argument follows the syntax
            described in PCPIntro(1), and in the simplest form may be an
            unsigned integer (the implied units in this case are seconds).
            The -t option is particularly useful when replaying large sets
            of archives (-a option) that span several hours or even days.
            In this case specifying a large interval (e.g. 1h for 1 hour)
            will reduce the volume of data reported and the tape i/o
            statistics will be averaged (interpolated) over the reporting
            interval (unless the -u option is specified, see below).
       -R   This restricts the report to device names matching regex.  The
            regex pattern is searched as a perl style regular expression,
            and will match any portion of a device name.  e.g. '^st[0-9]+'
            will match all device names starting with 'st' followed by one
            or more numbers.  e.g. '^st(0|1)$' will only match 'st0' and
            'st1'.  e.g. 'st0$' will match 'st0' but not 'st1'.  See also
            the -G option for aggregation options.
       -P   This indicates the number of decimals to print. The default
            precision N may be set to something other than the default 2
            decimals.  Note that the avgrq-sz and avgqu-sz fields are always
            reported with N+1 decimals of precision.  These fields typically
            have values less than 1.0.
       -u   When replaying a set of archives, by default values are reported
            according to the selected sample interval (-t option), not
            according to the actual record intervals in the set of archives.
            To this effect PCP interpolates the values to be reported based
            on the records in the set of archives, and is particularly
            useful when the -t option is used to replay a set of archives
            with a longer sampling interval than the underlying interval the
            set of archives was originally recorded with.  With the -u
            option, uninterpolated reporting is enabled - every value is
            reported according to the native recording interval in the set
            of archives.  When the -u option is specified, the -t option
            makes no sense and is incompatible because the replay interval
            is always the same as the recording interval in the set of
            archive.  In addition, -u only makes sense when replaying a set
            of archives, see -a above, and so if -u is specified then -a
            must also be specified.
       -Z   By default, pcp-tapestat reports the time of day according to
            the local timezone on the system where pcp-tapestat is run.  The
            -Z option changes the timezone to timezone in the format of the
            environment variable TZ as described in environ(7).
       -z   Change the reporting timezone to the local timezone at the host
            that is the source of the performance metrics, as identified via
            either the -h or -a options.  When replaying a PCP archive that
            was captured in a foreign timezone, the -z option would almost
            always be used (the default reporting timezone is the local
            timezone, which may not be the same as the timezone of the PCP
            archive).
       -x   Specifies a comma separated list of one or more extended
            reporting options as follows:
            t - prefix every line in the report with a timestamp in ctime(3)
            format,
            h - omit the heading, which is otherwise reported every 24
            samples,
            noidle - Do not display statistics for idle devices.
