
       The program pcp-atop is an interactive monitor to view various
       aspects of load on a system.  It shows the occupation of the most
       critical hardware resources (from a performance point of view) on
       system level, i.e. cpu, memory, disk and network.
       It also shows which processes are responsible for the indicated load
       with respect to cpu and memory load on process level.  Disk load is
       shown per process if "storage accounting" is active in the kernel.
       Every interval (default: 10 seconds) information is shown about the
       resource occupation on system level (cpu, memory, disks and network
       layers), followed by a list of processes which have been active
       during the last interval (note that all processes that were unchanged
       during the last interval are not shown, unless the key 'a' has been
       pressed or unless sorting on memory occupation is done).  If the list
       of active processes does not entirely fit on the screen, only the top
       of the list is shown (sorted in order of activity).
       The intervals are repeated till the number of samples (specified as
       command argument) is reached, or till the key 'q' is pressed in
       interactive mode.
       When invoked via the pcp(1) command, the PCPIntro(1) options
       -h/--host, -a/--archive, -O/--origin, -s/--samples, -t/--interval,
       -Z/--timezone and several other pcp options become indirectly
       available.  The long option form of these is directly available.
       Additionally, the --hotproc option can be used to request the per-
       process PCP metrics be used instead of the default proc metrics from
       pmdaproc(1).
       When pcp-atop is started, it checks whether the standard output
       channel is connected to a screen, or to a file/pipe. In the first
       case it produces screen control codes (via the ncurses library) and
       behaves interactively; in the second case it produces flat ASCII-
       output.
       In interactive mode, the output of pcp-atop scales dynamically to the
       current dimensions of the screen/window.
       If the window is resized horizontally, columns will be added or
       removed automatically. For this purpose, every column has a
       particular weight. The columns with the highest weights that fit
       within the current width will be shown.
       If the window is resized vertically, lines of the process/thread list
       will be added or removed automatically.
       Furthermore in interactive mode the output of pcp-atop can be
       controlled by pressing particular keys.  However it is also possible
       to specify such key as flag on the command line. In that case pcp-
       atop switches to the indicated mode on beforehand; this mode can be
       modified again interactively. Specifying such key as flag is
       especially useful when running pcp-atop with output to a pipe or file
       (non-interactively).  These flags are the same as the keys that can
       be pressed in interactive mode (see section INTERACTIVE COMMANDS).
       Additional flags are available to support storage of pcp-atop data in
       PCP archive format (see section PCP DATA STORAGE).
