
       pcregrep searches files for character patterns, in the same way as
       other grep commands do, but it uses the PCRE regular expression
       library to support patterns that are compatible with the regular
       expressions of Perl 5. See pcresyntax(3) for a quick-reference
       summary of pattern syntax, or pcrepattern(3) for a full description
       of the syntax and semantics of the regular expressions that PCRE
       supports.
       Patterns, whether supplied on the command line or in a separate file,
       are given without delimiters. For example:
         pcregrep Thursday /etc/motd
       If you attempt to use delimiters (for example, by surrounding a
       pattern with slashes, as is common in Perl scripts), they are
       interpreted as part of the pattern. Quotes can of course be used to
       delimit patterns on the command line because they are interpreted by
       the shell, and indeed quotes are required if a pattern contains white
       space or shell metacharacters.
       The first argument that follows any option settings is treated as the
       single pattern to be matched when neither -e nor -f is present.
       Conversely, when one or both of these options are used to specify
       patterns, all arguments are treated as path names. At least one of
       -e, -f, or an argument pattern must be provided.
       If no files are specified, pcregrep reads the standard input. The
       standard input can also be referenced by a name consisting of a
       single hyphen.  For example:
         pcregrep some-pattern /file1 - /file3
       By default, each line that matches a pattern is copied to the
       standard output, and if there is more than one file, the file name is
       output at the start of each line, followed by a colon. However, there
       are options that can change how pcregrep behaves. In particular, the
       -M option makes it possible to search for patterns that span line
       boundaries. What defines a line boundary is controlled by the -N
       (--newline) option.
       The amount of memory used for buffering files that are being scanned
       is controlled by a parameter that can be set by the --buffer-size
       option.  The default value for this parameter is specified when
       pcregrep is built, with the default default being 20K. A block of
       memory three times this size is used (to allow for buffering "before"
       and "after" lines). An error occurs if a line overflows the buffer.
       Patterns can be no longer than 8K or BUFSIZ bytes, whichever is the
       greater.  BUFSIZ is defined in <stdio.h>. When there is more than one
       pattern (specified by the use of -e and/or -f), each pattern is
       applied to each line in the order in which they are defined, except
       that all the -e patterns are tried before the -f patterns.
       By default, as soon as one pattern matches a line, no further
       patterns are considered. However, if --colour (or --color) is used to
       colour the matching substrings, or if --only-matching, --file-
       offsets, or --line-offsets is used to output only the part of the
       line that matched (either shown literally, or as an offset), scanning
       resumes immediately following the match, so that further matches on
       the same line can be found. If there are multiple patterns, they are
       all tried on the remainder of the line, but patterns that follow the
       one that matched are not tried on the earlier part of the line.
       This behaviour means that the order in which multiple patterns are
       specified can affect the output when one of the above options is
       used. This is no longer the same behaviour as GNU grep, which now
       manages to display earlier matches for later patterns (as long as
       there is no overlap).
       Patterns that can match an empty string are accepted, but empty
       string matches are never recognized. An example is the pattern
       "(super)?(man)?", in which all components are optional. This pattern
       finds all occurrences of both "super" and "man"; the output differs
       from matching with "super|man" when only the matching substrings are
       being shown.
       If the LC_ALL or LC_CTYPE environment variable is set, pcregrep uses
       the value to set a locale when calling the PCRE library.  The
       --locale option can be used to override this.
