
       A collection of one or more Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) archive logs
       may be combined with a control file to produce a PCP archive folio.
       Archive folios are created using either mkaf(1) or the interactive
       ``record mode'' services of PCP clients like pmchart(1).
       pmafm provides a number of services that may be used to process
       folios.  In particular, it provides support for execution of PCP
       tools using one or more of the component archive logs within an
       archive folio.
       The target folio is identified by the folio control file folioname.
       The syntax for a folio control file is described in mkaf(1).
       If present, the command and arguments following folioname are
       interpreted and executed as a single command, otherwise commands are
       read from standard input.
       The following commands are supported.
       archives
              Subsequent commands apply to all archives in the folio.
       archives N[,...]
              Archives within a folio are numbered 1, 2, etc.  Subsequent
              commands are restricted to apply only to the designated
              archives.
       archives name[,...]
              Archives within a folio have unique names.  Subsequent
              commands are restricted to apply only to the designated
              archives.
       check  Validate the presence and format of each file in the folio and
              the component archives.
       help
              A brief reminder of the command syntax.  ?  is a synonym for
              help.
       hosts
              Subsequent commands apply to all archives in the folio.
       hosts hostname[,...]
              Subsequent commands are restricted to apply only to those
              archives that match the designated hostnames.
       list [verbose]
              Display the contents of the folio.  By default the control
              header and the ordinal number, hostname and archive base name
              for each archive in the folio.  The verbose option causes
              pmafm to dump the label record from each archive using
              pmdumplog -l.
              The first named archive in the folio is assumed to be
              associated with the default host for any tool that tries to
              replay multiple archives from the folio.
       quit
              Exit pmafm.
       remove
              Echo on standard output the sh(1) commands required to remove
              all of the physical files associated with this archive folio.
       repeat tool [arg ...]
              Execute the known PCP tool once per selected archive.  For
              example, the command
                   repeat pmval -t60 kernel.all.load
              would run pmval(1) once per archive, with an appropriate -a
              argument.
       replay
              Some archive folios are created by tools (e.g. pmchart(1))
              that provide sufficient information to allow all of the
              information in all of the archives of a folio to be replayed.
       [run] tool [arg ...]
              Execute the known PCP tool on the selected archives.  Some PCP
              tools are able to process multiple concurrent archives, and in
              this case the tool is run once with the list of all selected
              archives passed via a -a argument.  Otherwise, this command is
              synonymous with repeat.
       selections
              Display those archives that would be selected for processing
              with a repeat, replay or run command.
       The restrictions via any hosts and archives commands are conjuncted.
       These restrictions serve to limit the specific archives processed in
       the subsequent repeat, replay, run and selections commands.  By
       default, all archives are selected.
       Keywords in commands may be abbreviated provided no ambiguity is
       introduced, e.g.  help, hel and he are synonymous, but h is
       ambiguous.
