
       pmcd is the collector used by the Performance Co-Pilot (see
       PCPIntro(1)) to gather performance metrics on a system.  As a rule,
       there must be an instance of pmcd running on a system for any
       performance metrics to be available to the PCP.
       pmcd accepts connections from client applications running either on
       the same machine or remotely and provides them with metrics and other
       related information from the machine that pmcd is executing on.  pmcd
       delegates most of this request servicing to a collection of
       Performance Metrics Domain Agents (or just agents), where each agent
       is responsible for a particular group of metrics, known as the domain
       of the agent.  For example the postgresql agent is responsible for
       reporting information relating to the PostgreSQL database, such as
       the transaction and query counts, indexing and replication
       statistics, and so on.
       The agents may be processes started by pmcd, independent processes or
       Dynamic Shared Objects (DSOs, see dlopen(3)) attached to pmcd's
       address space.  The configuration section below describes how
       connections to agents are specified.
       The options to pmcd are as follows.
       -A     Disable service advertisement.  By default, pmcd will
              advertise its presence on the network using any available
              mechanisms (such as Avahi/DNS-SD), assisting remote monitoring
              tools with finding it.  These mechanisms are disabled with
              this option.
       -c config
              On startup pmcd uses a configuration file from either the
              $PCP_PMCDCONF_PATH, configuration variable in /etc/pcp.conf,
              or an environment variable of the same name.  However, these
              values may be overridden with config using this option.  The
              format of this configuration file is described below.
       -C dirname
              Specify the path to the Network Security Services certificate
              database, for (optional) secure connections.  The default is
              /etc/pki/nssdb.  Refer also to the -P option.  If it does not
              already exist, this database can be created using the certutil
              utility.  This process and other certificate database
              maintenance information is provided in the PCPIntro(1) manual
              page and the online PCP tutorials.
       -f     By default pmcd is started as a daemon.  The -f option
              indicates that it should run in the foreground.  This is most
              useful when trying to diagnose problems with misbehaving
              agents.
       -H hostname
              This option can be used to set the hostname that pmcd will use
              to represent this instance of itself.  This is used by client
              tools like pmlogger(1) when reporting on the (possibly remote)
              host.  If this option is not set, the pmcd.hostname metric
              will match that returned by pmhostname(1).  Refer to the
              manual page for that tool for full details on how the hostname
              is evaluated.
       -i ipaddress
              This option is usually only used on hosts with more than one
              network interface.  If no -i options are specified pmcd
              accepts connections made to any of its host's IP (Internet
              Protocol) addresses.  The -i option is used to specify
              explicitly an IP address that connections should be accepted
              on.  ipaddress should be in the standard dotted form (e.g.
              100.23.45.6).  The -i option may be used multiple times to
              define a list of IP addresses.  Connections made to any other
              IP addresses the host has will be refused.  This can be used
              to limit connections to one network interface if the host is a
              network gateway.  It is also useful if the host takes over the
              IP address of another host that has failed.  In such a
              situation only the standard IP addresses of the host should be
              given (not the ones inherited from the failed host).  This
              allows PCP applications to determine that a host has failed,
              rather than connecting to the host that has assumed the
              identity of the failed host.
       -l logfile
              By default a log file named pmcd.log is written in the
              directory $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  The -l option causes the log
              file to be written to logfile instead of the default.  If the
              log file cannot be created or is not writable, output is
              written to the standard error instead.
       -L bytes
              PDUs received by pmcd from monitoring clients are restricted
              to a maximum size of 65536 bytes by default to defend against
              Denial of Service attacks.  The -L option may be used to
              change the maximum incoming PDU size.
       -M certname
              By default, pmcd will try to use a certificate called PCP
              Collector certificate .  The -M option allows this to be
              changed.
       -n pmnsfile
              Normally pmcd loads the default Performance Metrics Name Space
              (PMNS) from $PCP_VAR_DIR/pmns/root, however if the -n option
              is specified an alternative namespace is loaded from the file
              pmnsfile.
       -N pmnsfile
              Same function as -n, except for the handling of duplicate
              Performance Metric Identifiers (PMIDs) in pmnsfile - duplicate
              names are allowed with -n they are not allowed with -N.
       -P passfile
              Specify the path to a file containing the Network Security
              Services certificate database password for (optional) secure
              connections, and for databases that are password protected.
              Refer also to the -C option.  When using this option, great
              care should be exercised to ensure appropriate ownership
              ("pcp" user, typically) and permissions on this file (0400, so
              as to be unreadable by any user other than the user running
              the pmcd process).
       -q timeout
              The pmcd to agent version exchange protocol (new in PCP 2.0 -
              introduced to provide backward compatibility) uses this
              timeout to specify how long pmcd should wait before assuming
              that no version response is coming from an agent.  If this
              timeout is reached, the agent is assumed to be an agent which
              does not understand the PCP 2.0 protocol.  The default timeout
              interval is five seconds, but the -q option allows an
              alternative timeout interval (which must be greater than zero)
              to be specified.  The unit of time is seconds.
       -Q     Require that all remote client connections provide a
              certficate.
       -S     Require that all client connections provide user credentials.
              This means that only unix domain sockets, or authenticated
              connections are permitted (requires secure sockets support).
              If any user or group access control requirements are specified
              in the pmcd configuration file, then this mode of operation is
              automatically entered, whether the -S flag is specified or
              not.
       -s sockname
              Specify the path to a local unix domain socket (for platforms
              supporting this socket family only).  The default value is
              $PCP_RUN_DIR/pmcd.socket.
       -t timeout
              To prevent misbehaving clients or agents from hanging the
              entire Performance Metrics Collection System (PMCS), pmcd uses
              timeouts on PDU exchanges with clients and agents running as
              processes.  By default the timeout interval is five seconds.
              The -t option allows an alternative timeout interval in
              seconds to be specified.  If timeout is zero, timeouts are
              turned off.  It is almost impossible to use the debugger
              interactively on an agent unless timeouts have been turned off
              for its "parent" pmcd.
              Once pmcd is running, the timeout may be dynamically modified
              by storing an integer value (the timeout in seconds) into the
              metric pmcd.control.timeout via pmstore(1).
       -T traceflag
              To assist with error diagnosis for agents and/or clients of
              pmcd that are not behaving correctly, an internal event
              tracing mechanism is supported within pmcd.  The value of
              traceflag is interpreted as a bit field with the following
              control functions:
              1   enable client connection tracing
              2   enable PDU tracing
              256 unbuffered event tracing
              By default, event tracing is buffered using a circular buffer
              that is over-written as new events are recorded.  The default
              buffer size holds the last 20 events, although this number may
              be over-ridden by using pmstore(1) to modify the metric
              pmcd.control.tracebufs.
              Similarly once pmcd is running, the event tracing control may
              be dynamically modified by storing 1 (enable) or 0 (disable)
              into the metrics pmcd.control.traceconn, pmcd.control.tracepdu
              and pmcd.control.tracenobuf.  These metrics map to the bit
              fields associated with the traceflag argument for the -T
              option.
              When operating in buffered mode, the event trace buffer will
              be dumped whenever an agent connection is terminated by pmcd,
              or when any value is stored into the metric
              pmcd.control.dumptrace via pmstore(1).
              In unbuffered mode, every event will be reported when it
              occurs.
       -U username
              User account under which to run pmcd.  The default is the
              unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of PCP, but in
              older versions the superuser account ("root") was used by
              default.
       -v     Verify the pmcd configuration file, reporting on any errors
              then exiting with a status indicating verification success or
              failure.
       -x file
              Before the pmcd logfile can be opened, pmcd may encounter a
              fatal error which prevents it from starting.  By default, the
              output describing this error is sent to /dev/tty but it may
              redirected to file.
       If a PDU exchange with an agent times out, the agent has violated the
       requirement that it delivers metrics with little or no delay.  This
       is deemed a protocol failure and the agent is disconnected from pmcd.
       Any subsequent requests for information from the agent will fail with
       a status indicating that there is no agent to provide it.
       It is possible to specify access control to pmcd based on users,
       groups and hosts.  This allows one to prevent users, groups of users,
       and certain hosts from accessing the metrics provided by pmcd and is
       described in more detail in the Section on ACCESS CONTROL below.
