
       pmchart is a graphical utility that plots performance metrics values
       available through the facilities of the Performance Co-Pilot (PCP).
       Multiple charts can be displayed simultaneously, either aligned on
       the unified time axis (X-axis), and through the use of multiple
       interface Tabs.
       Metric values can be sourced from one or more live hosts
       (simultaneously).  Alternatively, one or more sets of PCP archives
       can be used as a source of historical data.  See PCPIntro(1) for an
       in-depth discussion of the capabilities of the PCP framework, many of
       which are used by pmchart.
       Many aspects of the behaviour of pmchart can be customised through
       the interface.  In particular, the use of "views" (refer to the
       section describing VIEWS later in this document) allows predefined
       sets of metrics and charting parameters like colors, scaling, titles,
       legends, and so on to be stored for later use, or use with different
       hosts and sets of archives.  In addition, the Preferences dialog
       allows customisations to the rest of the pmchart user interface to be
       saved and restored between different invocations of the tool.  This
       allows the default background color, highlight color, contents and
       location of the toolbar, and many other aspects to be configured.
       pmchart makes extensive use of the pmtime(1) utility for time
       control, refer to the pmtime manual page for further details of its
       operation.
       Options which control the default source, timing and layout of the
       pmchart window are as follows:
       -a   Performance metric values are retrieved from the set of
            Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) archive logs identified by this
            option, by default. The argument is a comma-separated list of
            names, each of which may be the base name of an archive or the
            name of a directory containing one or more archives. The
            resulting set of archives will be the source of the performance
            metrics.  The initial Tab created will be an archive mode Tab.
            Multiple -a options can be presented, and the resulting list of
            sets of archives is used for sourcing metric values.  Any
            sources listed on the command line are assumed to be sets of
            archives if this option is used.
       -c   configfile specifies an initial view to load, using the default
            source of metrics.  Multiple -c views can be specified, and they
            will all be opened in the default Tab with the default source of
            metrics.
       -C   Used with -c, the view(s) are parsed, any errors are reported,
            and the tool exits.  This is primarily intended for testing
            purposes.  If a second -C option is presented, pmchart also
            connects to pmcd(1) to check the semantics of metrics.
       -f   Specify the default font family to be used in several chart
            components, such as the chart title, legend, and Y-axis label.
            The default value is "Sans Serif".  This setting does not affect
            the rest of the user interface, where the value is inherited
            from the environment in which pmchart operates, and differs
            according to the look-and-feel of each platform.
       -F   Specify the default font point size to be used in several chart
            components, such as the chart title, legend, and Y-axis label.
            The default is platform dependent, but is either 7, 8 or 9.
            This setting does not affect the rest of the user interface.
       -g   Generate image with the specified geometry (width and height).
            This option is only useful when used in conjunction with the -o
            option for generating an output image.  The geometry argument
            takes the form "WxH" (e.g. 240x120).  When NOT using the -o
            flag, to specify the display window geometry, use -geometry
            geometry where geometry specifies the desired window width,
            height and optional placement.
       -h   Current performance metric values are retrieved from the
            nominated host machine by default.  Multiple -h options can be
            presented, and the list of hosts is used for sourcing metric
            values.  Any sources listed on the command line are assumed to
            be hosts if this option is used.
       -o   Generate an image file named outfile, and then exit.  This is
            most useful when run with a set of archives and one or more
            views.  The generated image will be in the format specified as
            the file extension (automatically determined from outfile).  If
            no extension can be determined, then the GIF format is used and
            the generated file is named with this extension.  The supported
            image file formats include: bmp, jpeg, jpg, png, ppm, tif, tiff,
            xbm, and xpm.
       -p   port number for connection to an existing pmtime time control
            process.
       -s   Specifies the number of samples that will be retained before
            discarding old data (replaced by new values at the current time
            position).  This value can subsequently be modified through the
            Edit Tab dialog.
       -t   Sets the inital update interval to something other than the
            default 1 second.  The interval argument follows the syntax
            described in PCPIntro(1), and in the simplest form may be an
            unsigned integer (the implied units in this case are seconds).
       -v   Sets the inital visible samples that will be displayed in all
            charts in the default Tab.  This value must be less than or
            equal to the total number of samples retained (the -s value).
       -V   Display pmchart version number and exit
       -W   Export images using an opaque(white) background
       -Z   By default, pmtime reports the time of day according to the
            local timezone on the system where pmchart is run.  The -Z
            option changes the timezone to timezone in the format of the
            environment variable TZ as described in environ(7).
       -z   Change the reporting timezone to the local timezone at the host
            that is the source of the performance metrics, as identified via
            either the -h or -a options.
       The -S, -T, -O and -A options may be used to define a time window to
       restrict the samples retrieved, set an initial origin within the time
       window, or specify a "natural" alignment of the sample  times;  refer
       to PCPIntro(1) for a complete description of these options.
