
       pmclient and pmclient_fg are simple clients that use the Performance
       Metrics Application Programming Interface (PMAPI) to report some
       high-level system performance metrics.
       The real value of these tools is as sample clients using the
       PMAPI(3), interfaces and to this end the source code is included with
       the Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) package (see PCPIntro(1)), and is
       typically installed in /usr/share/pcp/demos/pmclient.
       The pmclient_fg program differs to pmclient in that it uses the
       fetchgroup API extension to the PMAPI, see pmFetchGroup(3).
       Normally pmclient operates on the distributed Performance Metrics
       Name Space (PMNS), however if the -n option is specified an
       alternative local PMNS is loaded from the file pmnsfile.
       Unless directed to another host by the -h option, or to an archive by
       the -a option, pmclient will contact the Performance Metrics
       Collector Daemon (PMCD) on the local host to obtain the required
       information.  The argument to -a is a comma-separated list of names,
       each of which may be the base name of an archive or the name of a
       directory containing one or more archives.  The -a and -h options are
       mutually exclusive.
       By default, pmclient reports the time of day according to the local
       timezone on the system where pmclient is run.  The -Z option changes
       the timezone to timezone in the format of the environment variable TZ
       as described in environ(7).  The -z option changes the timezone to
       the local timezone at the host that is the source of the performance
       metrics, as identified via either the -h or -a options.
       Other options control the specific information to be reported.
       -P     The default behavior for replaying a set of archives, is to
              replay at full speed.  The -P option may be used in
              conjunction with a set of archives, to request that the
              prevailing real-time delay be applied between samples (see -t)
              to effect a pause.
       -S numsec
              The -S option may be used in conjunction with a set of
              archives to request that display start at the time numsec
              seconds from the start of the set of archives.
       -s samples
              The argument samples defines the number of samples to be
              retrieved and reported.  If samples is 0 or -s is not
              specified, pmclient will sample and report continuously (in
              real time mode) or until the end of the set of PCP archives
              (in archive mode).
       -t interval
              The default update interval may be set to something other than
              the default 5 seconds.  The interval argument follows the
              syntax described in PCPIntro(1), and in the simplest form may
              be an unsigned integer (the implied units in this case are
              seconds).
       The output from pmclient is directed to standard output, and lists
       +  Aggregate CPU utilization, in the range 0 to 1.
       +  If the system has more than 1 CPU, the ordinal number of the
          busiest CPU, in the range 0 to ...
       +  If the system has more than 1 CPU, the CPU utilization for the
          busiest CPU.
       +  Real free memory in Mbytes.
       +  Aggregate physical disk I/O operations per second (IOPS).
       +  Load average over the last 1 minute and over the last 15 minutes.
