
       pmquery provides a command-line-option compatible implementation of
       the xconfirm and xmessage tools, using a look-and-feel that is
       consistent with pmchart.  Several extensions to the functionality of
       the original tools have been made, in order to improve their specific
       utility for pmchart, but wherever possible the original semantics
       remain.
       pmconfirm displays a line of text for each -t argument specified (or
       a file when the -file argument is used), and a button for each -b
       argument specified.  When one of the buttons is pressed, the label of
       that button is written to pmquery's standard output.  This provides a
       means of communication/feedback from within shell scripts and a means
       to display useful information to a user from an application.
       pmmessage displays a window containing a message from the command
       line, a file, or standard input.  It additionally allows buttons to
       be associated with an exit status, and only optionally will write the
       label of the button to standard output.
       pmquery extends the above tools to additionally support limited user
       input, as free form text.  In this -input mode, any text entered will
       be output when the default button is pressed.  A default text can be
       entered using the same mechanisms as the other tools.
       Command line options are available to specify font style, frame
       style, modality and one of several different icons to be presented
       for tailored visual feedback to the user.
       -c or -center
            Center the window on the display.
       -nearmouse
            Pop up the window near the mouse cursor.
       -b button-name
            Displays a button with the label button-name.  If button-name is
            the empty string, the button in that position is not displayed.
            If no -b arguments are present, the default is a button with the
            label Continue.  The exit status associated with button-name is
            zero.
       -B button-name
            Displays a button with the label button-name and specifies it as
            the button to be activated when enter is pressed.  The exit
            status associated with button-name is zero.
       -buttons button,button,...
            This option will create one button for each comma-separated
            button argument.  Each button consists of a label optionally
            followed by a colon and an exit value.  The exit value will be
            returned if that button is selected.  The default exit value is
            100 plus the button number.  Buttons are numbered from the left
            starting with one.
       -default label
            Defines the button with a matching label to be the default.  If
            not specified there is no default.  The corresponding resource
            is defaultButton.  Pressing Return anywhere in the xmessage
            window will activate the default button.  The default button has
            a wider border than the others.
       -t message
            Displays message.  Any number of strings can be listed on the
            command line (each must be preceded with the -t option).
       -file filename
            Displays the file filename.  All -t options will be ignored.  A
            filename of `-' reads from standard input.
       -icon icontype
            Displays the icon icontype where icontype is one of: info,
            error, question, warning, critical.  action is also accepted as
            a synonym for error for backward compatibility.  pmquery
            introduces the additional archive and host icon types as well as
            the original xconfirm types listed earlier.
       -font fontname
            Use fontname as the font.  This option is only available when
            using the X Window System.
       -header string
            Use string as the window title.
       -print
            This causes the program to write the label of the button pressed
            to standard output.  It is the default behaviour for pmconfirm
            and pmquery.
       -noprint
            This causes the program to not write the label of the button
            pressed to standard output.  It is the default behaviour for
            pmmessage.
       -geometry geometry-string
            This provides xconfirm with an X-compatible geometry string
            specification.  This option is only available when using the X
            Window System.
       -useslider
            When displaying a file, always use a slider instead of
            determining automatically whether a slider is necessary.
       -noslider
            Do not create a slider, and clip text to the window size,
            instead of determining automatically whether a slider is
            necessary..
       -noframe
            Do not display a frame around the contents.
       -exclusive
            Grab the keyboard/pointer and do not allow further input until a
            button is pressed.
       -timeout secs
            Exit with status 0 after secs seconds if the user has not
            clicked on a button yet.  The corresponding resource is timeout.
