
       pmdasystemd is a systemd log file monitoring Performance Metrics
       Domain Agent (PMDA).  It can be seen as analagous to the -f option to
       journalctl(1) and converts each new log line into a performance
       event, suitable for consumption by PMAPI(3) client tools like
       pmevent(1).
       The systemd PMDA exports both event-style metrics reflecting
       timestamped event records for messages logged to the system logs, as
       well as the more orthodox sample-style metrics such as message counts
       and throughput size values.
       A brief description of the pmdasystemd command line options follows:
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -f   Disables per-uid/gid record filtering.  By default the user and
            group credentials will be used to filter log records returned to
            the client tool, preventing information exposure to arbitrary
            users.  This option disables that, so use only with extreme
            caution.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            systemd.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when
            pmdasystemd is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log
            file cannot be created or is not writable, output is written to
            the standard error instead.
       -m   Limit the physical memory used by the PMDA to buffer event
            records to maxsize bytes.  As log events arrive at the PMDA,
            they must be buffered until individual client tools request the
            next batch since their previous batch of events.  The default
            maximum is 2 megabytes.
       -s   Sets the polling interval for detecting newly arrived log lines.
            Mirrors the same option from the tail(1) command.
       -U   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            "adm" user account.
