
       pmdaproc is a Performance Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA) which extracts
       performance metrics describing the state of the individual processes
       running on a Linux system.
       The proc PMDA exports metrics that measure the memory, processor and
       other resource use of each process, as well as summary information
       collated across all of the running processes.  The PMDA uses
       credentials passed from the PMAPI(3) monitoring tool identifying the
       user requesting the information, to ensure that only values the user
       is allowed to access are returned by the PMDA.  This involves the
       PMDA temporarily changing its effective user and group identifiers
       for the duration of requests for instances and values.  In other
       words, system calls to extract information are performed as the user
       originating the request and not as a privileged user.  The mechanisms
       available for transfer of user credentials are described further in
       the PCPIntro(1) page.
       A brief description of the pmdaproc command line options follows:
       -A   Disables use of the credentials provided by PMAPI client tools,
            and simply runs everything under the "root" account.  Only
            enable this option if you understand the risks involved, and are
            sure that all remote accesses will be from benevolent users.  If
            enabled, unauthenticated remote PMAPI clients will be able to
            access potentially sensitive performance metric values which an
            unauthenticated PMAPI client usually would not be able to.
            Refer to CVE-2012-3419 for additional details.
       -L   Changes the per-process instance domain used by most pmdaproc
            metrics to include threads as well.
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named proc.log
            is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when pmdaproc is
            started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log file cannot be
            created or is not writable, output is written to the standard
            error instead.
       -r   Restrict the set of processes exported in the per-process
            instance domain to only those processes that are contained by
            the specified cgroup resource container.  This option provides
            an optional finer granularity to the monitoring, and can also be
            used to reduce the resources consumed by pmdaproc during
            requests for instances and values.
       -U   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            privileged "root" account, with seteuid (2) and setegid (2)
            switching for accessing most information.
