
       Each supported platform has a kernel Performance Metrics Domain Agent
       (PMDA) which extracts performance metrics from the kernel of that
       platfrom.  A variety of platform-specific metrics are available, with
       an equally varied set of access mechanisms - typically this involves
       special system calls, or reading from files in kernel virtual
       filesystems such as the Linux sysfs and procfs filesystems.
       The platform kernel PMDA is one of the most critical components of
       the PCP installation, and must be as efficient and reliable as
       possible.  In all installations the default kernel PMDA will be
       installed as a shared library and thus executes directly within the
       pmcd(1) process.  This slightly reduces overheads associated with
       querying the metadata and values associated with these metrics (no
       message passing is required).
       Unlike many other PMDAs, the kernel PMDA exports a number of metric
       namespace subtrees, such as kernel, network, swap, mem, ipc, filesys,
       nfs, disk and hinv (hardware inventory).
       Despite usually running as shared libraries, most installations also
       include a stand-alone executable for the kernel PMDA.  This is to aid
       profiling and debugging activities, with dbpmda(1) for example.  In
       this case (but not for shared libraries), the following command line
       options are available:
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            [platform].log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1)
            when pmda[platform] is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the
            log file cannot be created or is not writable, output is written
            to the standard error instead.
       -U   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of PCP, but in
            older versions the superuser account ("root") was used by
            default.
