
       pmdamailq is a Performance Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA) which extracts
       performance metrics describing the state of the e-mail queues managed
       by sendmail(1) and other mail transfer agents.
       The mailq PMDA exports metrics that measure the total number of
       entries in the mail queue, and the subtotals for entries that have
       been queued for various time periods.
       A brief description of the pmdamailq command line options follows:
       -b   The binlist argument specifies a list of delay thresholds used
            to ``bin'' the entries in the queue into a a histogram based on
            how long the entry has been in the mail queue.  The default
            thresholds are: 1 hour, 4 hours, 8 hours, 1 day, 3 days and 7
            days.  The entries in binlist are comma separated time
            intervals, using the syntax described in PCPIntro(1) for an
            update or reporting interval, e.g. the default list could be
            specified using the value 1hr,4hrs,8hrs,1day,3days,7days.
            Values in binlist are assumed to be in ascending order, and mail
            items in the queue less than the first threshold are binned into
            a special bin labeled ``recent''.
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            mailq.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when
            pmdamailq is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd .  If the log file
            cannot be created or is not writable, output is written to the
            standard error instead.
       -r   Use an extended regular expression to match file names in the
            mail queue directory, rather than assuming all "df" prefixed
            files in the directory are mail files (the "df" prefix is the
            sendmail convention, but this convention is not followed by
            other mail daemons).  The regex pattern specified should conform
            to the POSIX format described in regex(3), and it describes file
            names that should be considered mail.
       -U   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of PCP, but in
            older versions the superuser account ("root") was used by
            default.
       The optional queuedir argument defines the directory in which
       pmdamailq expects to find the mail queue.  The default is
       /var/spool/mqueue.
