
       pmdapipe is a configurable command output monitoring Performance
       Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA).  It can be seen as analogous to a
       restricted shell, where options can be passed to preset commands, and
       each line of their output is converted into a performance event.
       These events can be consumed by client tools like pmval(1).
       The pipe PMDA exports both event-style metrics reflecting timestamped
       event records for text-oriented command output, as well as the more
       orthodox sample-style metrics such as event counts and throughput
       size values.
       The PMDA is configured via a configfile which contains one line for
       each process from which output can be captured, as described in the
       ``CONFIGURATION'' section below.
       A brief description of the pmdapipe command line options follows:
       -c   specifies an alternate configuration file for the PMDA.  By
            default, a file named $PCP_PMDAS_DIR/pipe/pipe.conf and any
            files below the $PCP_SYSCONF_DIR/pipe.conf.d/ directory are
            used.
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named pipe.log
            is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when pmdapipe is
            started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log file cannot be
            created or is not writable, output is written to the standard
            error instead.
       -m   Limit the physical memory used by the PMDA to buffer event
            records to maxsize bytes.  As log events arrive at the PMDA,
            they must be buffered until individual client tools request the
            next batch since their previous batch of events.  The default
            maximum is 2 megabytes.
