
       pmdaperfevent is a Performance Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA) that
       configures and reads the hardware performance counters using the
       Linux kernel perf_event API.
       The perfevent PMDA exports metrics for hardware performance counters
       that are configurable from the Linux kernel perf_event API.  The PMDA
       uses the libpfm4 library to access the hardware performance counters
       so any counters that are supported in libpfm4 should be available.
       Also included is the ability to read the Intel RAPL counters via
       direct MSR access.  The PMDA supports automatically loading different
       counters for each hardware architecture.  A single configuration file
       is used to specify the desired counters for each hardware performance
       monitoring unit (PMU).  The configuration file allows different
       counters to be programmed on different CPUs and supports round-robin
       assignment of uncore counters needed for some AMD chips.
       The PMDA also counts for events exposed in the kernel via
       /sys/bus/event_source/devices directory. The PMU device name and the
       event name must be mentioned in the configuration file. Otherwise,
       the metric won't be available to monitor through this PMDA.
       The PMDA configures the counters to count events in both user and
       kernel mode.  This means that the hardware counters are unavailable
       to use by normal unprivileged user applications when they are in use
       by the PMDA.  The PMDA provides a mechanism to temporarily disable
       the system-wide counters in order to allow normal users to be able to
       use the counters if they wish.  See perfalloc(1) for details.
       Note that pmdaperfevent is affected by the value of the
       kernel.perf_event_paranoid setting, which can be adjusted by
       sysctl(8).
       A brief description of the pmdaperfevent command line options
       follows:
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            perfevent.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1)
            when pmdaperfevent is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the
            log file cannot be created or is not writable, output is written
            to the standard error instead.
       -U   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            privileged "root" account.
       -i   listen on given port number for connection from pmcd(1)
       -p   communicate with pmcd(1) via stdin/stdout
       -u   expect pmcd(1) to connect on given unix domain socket
       -6   expect pmcd(1) to connect on given ipv6 port (number or name)
