
       pmdatxmon is an example Performance Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA) which
       exports a small number of performance metrics from a simulated
       transaction monitor.
       The txmon PMDA is shipped as both binary and source code and is
       designed to be an aid for PMDA developers; the txmon PMDA
       demonstrates how performance data can be exported from an application
       (in this case txrecord) to the PCP infrastructure via a shared memory
       segment.  As a matter of convenience, pmdatxmon creates (and destroys
       on exit) the shared memory segment.
       The tx_type arguments are arbitrary unique tags used to identify
       different transaction types.
       The txrecord application simulates the processing of one or more
       transactions identified by tx_type and with an observed service time
       of servtime .
       With the -l option, txrecord displays the current summary of the
       transaction activity from the shared memory segment.
       genload is a shell and awk(1) script that acts as a front-end to
       txrecord to generate a constant load of simulated transaction
       activity.
       A brief description of the pmdatxmon command line options follows:
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            txmon.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when
            pmdatxmon is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log file
            cannot be created or is not writable, output is written to the
            standard error instead.
       -U   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of PCP, but in
            older versions the superuser account ("root") was used by
            default.
