
       pmdacisco is a Performance Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA) which extracts
       performance metrics from one or more Cisco routers.
       A brief description of the pmdacisco command line options follows:
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            cisco.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when
            pmdacisco is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log file
            cannot be created or is not writable, output is written to the
            standard error instead.
       -P   By default, it is assumed that no user-level password is
            required to access the Cisco's telnet port.  If user-level
            passwords have been enabled on the Ciscos, then those passwords
            must be specified to pmdacisco.  If specified with the -P
            option, password will be used as the default user-level password
            for all Ciscos.  See also the INTERFACE IDENTIFICATION section
            below.
       -r   pmdacisco will refresh the current values for all performance
            metrics by contacting each Cisco router once every refresh
            seconds.  The default refresh is 120 seconds.
       -s   The Cisco command prompt ends with the string prompt.  The
            default value is ``>''.  The only way pmdacisco can synchronize
            the sending of commands and the parsing of output is by
            recognizing prompt as a unique string that comes at the end of
            all output, i.e. as the command prompt when waiting for the next
            command.
       -U   By default, it is assumed that no username login is required to
            access the Cisco's telnet port.  If username login has been
            enabled on the Ciscos, then the corresponding usernames must be
            specified to pmdacisco.  If specified with the -U option,
            username will be used as the default username login for all
            Ciscos.  See also the INTERFACE IDENTIFICATION section below.
       -M   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of PCP, but in
            older versions the superuser account ("root") was used by
            default.
       -x   Connect to the Cisco via TCP port number port rather than the
            default 23 for a telnet connection.
       For each interface, once the telnet connection is established,
       pmdacisco is willing to wait up to 5 seconds for the Cisco to provide
       a new snapshot of the requested information.  If this does not
       happen, the telnet connection is broken and no values are returned.
       This prevents pmdacisco tying up the Cisco's telnet ports waiting
       indefinitely when the response from the router is not what is
       expected, e.g. if the format of the ``show int'' output changes, or
       the command is in error because an interface is no longer configured
       on the router.
