
       pmdatrace is a Performance Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA) which exports
       transaction performance metrics from application processes which use
       the pcp_trace library described in pmdatrace(3).
       A brief description of the pmdatrace command line options follows:
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            trace.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when
            pmdatrace is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log file
            cannot be created or is not writable, output is written to the
            standard error instead.
       -A   Host-based access control for pmdatrace.  access must be either
            an allow or deny specification, using either
            allow:hostspec:maxconns or disallow:hostspec, where `allow' and
            `disallow' are keywords, `hostspec' is a host specification
            conforming to the format used by both pmcd(1) and pmlogger(1),
            and `maxconns' is the maximum number of connections allowed from
            a given `hostspec'.  Using a maximum connections of zero
            specifies an unlimited number of connections for the
            accompanying `hostspec'.
       -I   Communicate with pcp_trace clients via the given Internet port.
            This can alternatively be specified by setting $PCP_TRACE_PORT
            in the environment to some valid port number (use of the -I
            option overrides this).  The default port number is 4323.
       -T   period defines the aggregation period used to compute the recent
            averages and extrema.  Specified as a time interval using the
            syntax described in PCPIntro(1) for the common -t PCP argument,
            e.g. 30 seconds or 1 min.  The default is 60 seconds.
       -M   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of PCP, but in
            older versions the superuser account ("root") was used by
            default.
       -N   Internally, the aggregation period is divided into bucket
            divisions, and the rolling average is recomputed every
            period/bucket seconds.  For example, the defaults correspond to
            -T 60 and -N 12, which means the average is recomputed every
            five seconds for a period covering the prior 60 seconds.
       -U   This option allows the dimension and scale associated with the
            observation value metric to be configured.  units is a comma-
            separated string of six integer values, which are the space
            dimension, time dimension, count dimension, space scale, time
            scale, and count scale, respectively.  The default dimension and
            scale is ``none'', which is equivalent to presenting
            ``0,0,0,0,0,0'' as the argument to -U.  The units associated
            with a metric are most easily viewed using the -d (metric
            description) option to pminfo(1).  The Install script described
            below steps through this option quite explicitly, so it is
            recommended that the Install script be used for building up the
            units specification.
       Essentially, the exported metrics provide statistics on the time for
       completion of each transaction, and an average count of transactions
       completed and watch points passed over a given time period.
