
       pmdaweblog is a Performance Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA(3)) that scans
       Web server logs to extract metrics characterizing Web server
       activity.  These performance metrics are then made available through
       the infrastructure of the Performance Co-Pilot (PCP).
       The configfile specifies which Web servers are to be monitored, their
       associated access logs and error logs, and a regular-expression based
       scheme for extracting detailed information about each Web access.
       This file is maintained as part of the PMDA installation and/or de-
       installation by the scripts Install and Remove in the directory
       $PCP_PMDAS_DIR/weblog.  For more details, refer to the section below
       covering installation.
       Once started, pmdaweblog monitors a set of log files and in response
       to a request for information, will process any new information that
       has been appended to the log files, similar to a tail(1).  There is
       also periodic "catch up" to process new information from all log
       files, and a scheme to detect the rotation of log files.
       Like all other PMDAs, pmdaweblog is launched by pmcd(1) using command
       line options specified in $PCP_PMCDCONF_PATH - the Install script
       will prompt for appropriate values for the command line options, and
       update $PCP_PMCDCONF_PATH.
       A brief description of the pmdaweblog command line options follows:
       -C     Check the configuration and exit.
       -d domain
              Specify the domain number.  It is absolutely crucial that the
              performance metrics domain number specified here is unique and
              consistent.  That is, domain should be different for every
              PMDA on the one host, and the same domain number should be
              used for the pmdaweblog PMDA on all hosts.
              For most installations, the default domain as encapsulated in
              the file $PCP_PMDAS_DIR/weblog/domain.h will suffice.  For
              alternate values, check $PCP_PMCDCONF_PATH for the domain
              values already in use on this host, and the file
              $PCP_VAR_DIR/pmns/stdpmid contains a repository of ``well
              known'' domain assignments that probably should be avoided.
       -h helpfile
              Get the help text from the supplied helpfile rather than from
              the default location.
       -i port
              Communicate with pmcd(1) on the specified Internet port (which
              may be a number or a name).
       -l logfile
              Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
              weblog.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when
              pmdaweblog is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log
              file cannot be created or is not writable, output is written
              to the standard error instead.
       -n idlesec
              If a Web server log file has not been modified for idlesec
              seconds, then the file will be closed and re-opened.  This is
              the only way pmdaweblog can detect any asynchronous rotation
              of the logs by Web server administrative scripts.  The default
              period is 20 seconds.  This value may be changed dynamically
              using pmstore(1) to modify the value of the performance metric
              web.config.check.
       -p     Communicate with pmcd(1) via a pipe.
       -S num Specify the maximum number of Web servers per sproc.  It may
              be desirable (from a latency and load balancing perspective)
              or necessary (due to file descriptor limits) to delegate
              responsibility for scanning the Web server log files to
              several sprocs.  pmdaweblog will ensure that each sproc
              handles the log files for at most num Web servers.  The
              default value is 80 Web servers per sproc.
       -t delay
              To avoid the need to scan a lot of information from the Web
              server logs in response to a single request for performance
              metrics, all log files will be checked at least once every
              delay seconds.  The default is 15 seconds.  This value may by
              changed dynamically using pmstore(1) to modify the value of
              the performance metric web.config.catchup.
       -u socket
              Communicate with pmcd(1) via the given Unix domain socket.
       -U     User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
              unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of PCP, but in
              older versions the superuser account ("root") was used by
              default.
