
       pmdalogger is a configurable log file monitoring Performance Metrics
       Domain Agent (PMDA).  It can be seen as analogous to the -f option to
       tail(1) and converts each new log line into a performance event.  It
       was the first PMDA to make extensive use of event metrics, which can
       be consumed by client tools like pmevent(1).
       The logger PMDA exports both event-style metrics reflecting
       timestamped event records for text logged to a file (or set of files
       or output from a process), as well as the more orthodox sample-style
       metrics such as event counts and throughput size values.
       The PMDA is configured via a configfile which contains one line for
       each source of events (file or process).  This file is setup by the
       Install script described in the later section on ``INSTALLATION'' of
       the PMDA.
       A brief description of the pmdalogger command line options follows:
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            logger.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when
            pmdalogger is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log file
            cannot be created or is not writable, output is written to the
            standard error instead.
       -m   Limit the physical memory used by the PMDA to buffer event
            records to maxsize bytes.  As log events arrive at the PMDA,
            they must be buffered until individual client tools request the
            next batch since their previous batch of events.  The default
            maximum is 2 megabytes.
       -s   Sets the polling interval for detecting newly arrived log lines.
            Mirrors the same option from the tail(1) command.
       -U   User account under which to run the agent.  The default is the
            unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of PCP, but in
            older versions the superuser account ("root") was used by
            default.
