
       pmdashping is a Performance Metrics Domain Agent (PMDA) which exports
       quality of service and response time measurements for arbitrary
       commands as might be run from a shell such as sh(1).
       These measurements are intended to be used to quantify service
       quality and service availability for those services that are either
       mission critical or act as early indicators of adverse system
       performance.
       The sample configuration monitors simple shell commands (exit and
       date(1)), a short computationally intensive task using sum(1), a
       short C compilation, DNS lookup via nslookup(1), YP lookup via
       ypcat(1), bind/portmapper service using rpcbind(1), SMTP by
       connecting to telnet port 25 and sending an ``expn root'' request,
       and NNTP by connecting to telnet port 119 and running a ``listgroup''
       command.
       It is expected that other commands would follow the examples in the
       sample configuration file, and most deployments of the pmdashping
       PMDA are expected to use a customized configuration file.
       A brief description of the pmdashping command line options follows:
       -C   Parse configfile, reporting any errors and exiting with non-zero
            status if the file contains syntactical errors.
       -d   It is absolutely crucial that the performance metrics domain
            number specified here is unique and consistent.  That is, domain
            should be different for every PMDA on the one host, and the same
            domain number should be used for the same PMDA on all hosts.
       -l   Location of the log file.  By default, a log file named
            shping.log is written in the current directory of pmcd(1) when
            pmdashping is started, i.e.  $PCP_LOG_DIR/pmcd.  If the log file
            cannot be created or is not writable, output is written to the
            standard error instead.
       -I   Amount of time (in seconds) between subsequent executions of the
            list of commands provided via the configuration file configfile.
            The default is 2 minutes.
       -t   Amount of time (in seconds) to wait before timing out awaiting a
            response for a command from configfile.  The default is 20
            seconds.
       -U   User account under which to run the agent and all commands.  The
            default is the unprivileged "pcp" account in current versions of
            PCP, but in older versions the superuser account ("root") was
            used by default.
       The required configfile specifies ``tag'' and ``command'' pairs, each
       on a separate line.  All of the commands are run one after another,
       with the whole group rescheduled to be run once per interval.  For
       each command that is run, pmdashping records information related to
       the success (or timeout), exit status, elapsed time and CPU time
       (system and user), and this information is exported by the PMDA.  The
       tags are used to identify the individual commands amongst the values
       exported by the PMDA, and form the external instance domain
       identifiers for the pmdashping metrics which relate to each command.
