
       pmdumptext outputs the values of performance metrics collected live
       or from a set of Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) archives.  By default,
       the metric values are displayed in tab separated columns, prefixed by
       a timestamp.
       Unless directed to another host by the -h option, or to one or more
       sets of archives by the -a option, pmdumptext will contact pmcd(1) on
       the local host to obtain the required information.
       pmdumptext may be run in interactive mode with the -i option which
       displays the values in equal width columns.  Without this option, no
       attempt is made to line up any values allowing the output to be
       easily parsed by other applications.
       The format of the output can be further controlled by changing the
       precision of the values with -P, the width of the columns with -w,
       and the format of the values with the -G and -F options for the
       shortest of scientific or fixed digits, and a fixed width format,
       respectively.
       The metrics to be dumped can be listed on the command line, in a
       config file, or piped to pmdumptext on stdin.  A metric consists of
       an optional source (host or archive), the metric name, and an
       optional instance list immediately after the name.  A colon is used
       to separate a host name from the metric, and a forward slash (``/'')
       to separate an archive name from the metric.  Instances are enclosed
       in square brackets and a comma is used between each instance if more
       than one is stated.  For example, some legal metrics are:
               kernel.all.cpu.idle
               myhost:kernel.all.cpu.idle[cpu0,cpu3]
               /path/to/myarchive/kernel.all.cpu.idle[cpu1]
       The format of a metric is further described in PCPIntro(1).  A
       normalization value may optionally follow a metric name in a config
       file or on stdin.  The metric value will be scaled by this value.
       For example, if the file system ``/dev/root'' has a capacity of
       1965437 bytes, then the percentage of the file system that is used
       could be dumped with this config:
               filesys.used[/dev/root] 19654.37
       A normalization value may not be used with metrics specified as
       command line arguments.
       A metric name is not required to be a leaf node in the Performance
       Metrics Name Space (PMNS), except when one or more instances are
       specified.  For example, to dump all file system metrics, only
       filesys is required to dump filesys.capacity, filesys.used,
       filesys.free etc.
