
       pmdumplog dumps assorted control, metadata, index and state
       information from the files of a Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) archive
       log.  The archive log has the base name archive and must have been
       previously created using pmlogger(1).
       Normally pmdumplog operates on the distributed Performance Metrics
       Name Space (PMNS), however if the -n option is specified an
       alternative local PMNS is loaded from the file pmnsfile.
       If any metricname arguments appear, the report will be restricted to
       information relevant to the named performance metrics.  If metricname
       is a non-leaf node in the namespace (see pmns(5)), then pmdumplog
       will recursively descend the archive's namespace and report on all
       leaf nodes.
       The options control the specific information to be reported.
       -a   Report almost everything, i.e. the flags -d, -i, -L, -m, -s and
            -t.  The optional help text (-h) and label metadata strings (-e)
            are not reported by default.
       -d   Display the metadata and descriptions for those performance
            metrics that appear at least once in the archive: see
            pmLookupDesc(3) for more details on the metadata describing
            metrics.
       -e   Display the label metadata if it is present in the archive.  See
            pmLookupLabels(3) for more details on the label metadata
            hierarchy associated with metrics.
       -h   Display metric and instance domain help text if present in the
            archive.  See pmLookupText(3) for more details on the help text
            associated with metrics.
       -i   Display the instance domains, and any variations in their
            instance members over the duration of the archive: see
            pmGetInDom(3) for more details on instance domains.
       -l   Dump the archive label, showing the log format version, the time
            and date for the start and (current) end of the archive, and the
            host from which the performance metrics values were collected.
       -L   Like -l, just a little more verbose.
       -m   Print the values for the performance metrics from the archive.
            This is the default display option.
            Metrics without an instance domain are reported as:
              [timestamp] metric-id (metric-name): value1 value2
            Metrics with an instance domain are reported as:
              [timestamp] metric-id (metric-name):
                  inst [internal-id or "external-id"] value1 value2
            The timestamp is only reported for the first metric in a group
            of metrics sharing the same timestamp.
       -M   If no metricname is specified then <mark> records are reported
            when they are found in the archive.  If metricname arguments are
            specified, then <mark> records are not reported by default.  The
            -M option forces <mark> records to be reported, even when
            metricname arguments are specified.
            <mark> records are inserted into a PCP archive log by
            pmlogger(1), pmlogextract(1), and similar tools to indicate a
            temporal discontinuity in the time-series of metric values.
       -r   Process the archive in reverse order, from most recent to oldest
            recorded metric values.
       -S   When using the -m option, the report will be restricted to those
            records logged at or after starttime.  Refer to PCPIntro(1) for
            a complete description of the syntax for starttime.
       -s   Report the size in bytes of each physical record in the archive.
       -T   When using the -m option, the report will be restricted to those
            records logged before or at endtime.  Refer to PCPIntro(1) for a
            complete description of the syntax for endtime.
       -t   Dump the temporal index that is used to provide accelerated
            access to large archive files.
            The integrity of the index will also be checked.  If the index
            is found to be corrupted, the ``*.index'' file can be renamed or
            removed and the archive will still be accessible, however
            retrievals may take longer without the index.  Note however that
            a corrupted temporal index is usually indicative of a deeper
            malaise that may infect all files in a PCP archive.
       -v   Verbose mode.  Dump the records from a physical archive file in
            hexadecimal format.  In this case file is the name of a single
            file, usually a basename (as would otherwise appear as the
            archive command line argument), concatenated with ``.'' followed
            by one of meta (the metadata), index (the temporal index), or a
            digit (one of the volumes of metric values).
            Use of -v precludes the use of all other options and arguments.
       -x   Extended timestamp reporting format that includes the day of the
            week, day of the month, month and year in addition to the
            (default) hours, minutes and seconds time.  This is useful for
            archives that span multiple days.
            A second -x option will also report the timestamp as an offset
            from the start of the archive in units of seconds.  This is
            useful in conjunction with debug diagnostics from the archive
            handling routines in libpcp.
       By default, pmdumplog reports the time of day according to the local
       timezone on the system where pmdumplog is run.  The -Z option changes
       the timezone to timezone in the format of the environment variable TZ
       as described in environ(7).  The -z option changes the timezone to
       the local timezone at the host that is the source of the performance
       metrics, as specified in the label record of the archive log.
