
       pmval prints current or archived values for the nominated performance
       metric.  The metric of interest is named in the metricname argument,
       subject to instance qualification with the -i flag as described
       below.
       Unless directed to another host by the -h option, or to a set of
       archives by the -a or -U options, pmval will contact the Performance
       Metrics Collector Daemon (PMCD) on the local host to obtain the
       required information.
       The metricname argument may also be given in the metric specification
       syntax, as described in PCPIntro(1), where the source, metric and
       instance may all be included in the metricname, e.g.
       thathost:kernel.all.load["1 minute"].  When this format is used, none
       of the -h or -a or -U options may be specified.
       When using the metric specification syntax, the ``hostname'' @ is
       treated specially and causes pmval to use a local context to collect
       metrics from PMDAs on the local host without PMCD.  Only some metrics
       are available in this mode.
       When processing a set of archives, pmval may relinquish its own
       timing control, and operate as a ``slave'' of a pmtime(1) process
       that uses a GUI dialog to provide timing control.  In this case,
       either the -g option should be used to start pmval as the sole slave
       of a new pmtime(1) instance, or -p should be used to attach pmval to
       an existing pmtime(1) instance via the IPC channel identified by the
       port argument.
       The -S, -T, -O and -A options may be used to define a time window to
       restrict the samples retrieved, set an initial origin within the time
       window, or specify a ``natural'' alignment of the sample times; refer
       to PCPIntro(1) for a complete description of these options.
       The other options which control the source, timing and layout of the
       information reported by pmval are as follows:
       -a   Performance metric values are retrieved from the set of
            Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) archive logs identified. The argument
            is a comma-separated list of names, each of which may be the
            base name of an archive or the name of a directory containing
            one or more archives. See also -U.
       -d   When replaying from a set of archives, this option requests that
            the prevailing real-time delay be applied between samples (see
            -t) to effect a pause, rather than the default behaviour of
            replaying at full speed.
       -f   Numbers are reported in ``fixed point'' notation, rather than
            the default scientific notation.  Each number will be up to the
            column width determined by the default heuristics, else the -w
            option if specified, and include N digits after the decimal
            point.  So, the options -f 3 -w 8 would produce numbers of the
            form 9999.999.  A value of zero for N omits the decimal point
            and any fractional digits.
       -g   Start pmval as the slave of a new pmtime(1) process for replay
            of archived performance data using the pmtime(1) graphical user
            interface.
       -h   Current performance metric values are retrieved from the
            nominated host machine.
       -i   instances is a list of one or more instance names for the
            nominated performance metric - just these instances will be
            retrieved and reported (the default is to report all instances).
            The list must be a single argument, with elements of the list
            separated by commas and/or white space.
            The instance name may be quoted with single (') or double (")
            quotes for those cases where the instance name contains white
            space or commas.
            Multiple -i options are allowed as an alternative way of
            specifying more than one instance of interest.
            As an example, the following are all equivalent:
                 $ pmval -i "'1 minute','5 minute'" kernel.all.load
                 $ pmval -i '"1 minute","5 minute"' kernel.all.load
                 $ pmval -i "'1 minute' '5 minute'" kernel.all.load
                 $ pmval -i "'1 minute'" -i "'5 minute'" kernel.all.load
                 $ pmval 'localhost:kernel.all.load["1 minute","5 minute"]'
       -K   When fetching metrics from a local context, the -K option may be
            used to control the DSO PMDAs that should be made accessible.
            The spec argument conforms to the syntax described in
            pmSpecLocalPMDA(3).  More than one -K option may be used.
       -n   Normally pmval operates on the default Performance Metrics Name
            Space (PMNS), however if the -n option is specified an
            alternative namespace is loaded from the file pmnsfile.
       -p   Attach pmval to an existing pmtime(1) time control process
            instance via the IPC channel identified by the port argument.
            This option is normally only used by other tools, e.g.
            pmchart(1), when they launch pmval with synchronized time
            control.
       -r   Print raw values for cumulative counter metrics.  Normally
            cumulative counter metrics are converted to rates.  For example,
            disk transfers are reported as number of disk transfers per
            second during the preceding sample interval, rather than the raw
            value of number of disk transfers since the machine was booted.
            If you specify this option, the raw metric values are printed.
       -s   The argument samples defines the number of samples to be
            retrieved and reported.  If samples is 0 or -s is not specified,
            pmval will sample and report continuously (in real time mode) or
            until the end of the set of PCP archives (in archive mode).
       -t   The default update interval may be set to something other than
            the default 1 second.  The interval argument follows the syntax
            described in PCPIntro(1), and in the simplest form may be an
            unsigned integer (the implied units in this case are seconds).
       -U   Performance metric values are retrieved from the set of
            Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) archive logs identified. The argument
            is a comma-separated list of names, each of which may be the
            base name of an archive or the name of a directory containing
            one or more archives.  However, unlike -a every recorded value
            in the archive for the selected metric and instances is reported
            (so no interpolation mode, and the sample interval (-t option)
            is ignored. See also -a.
            At most one of the options -a and -U may be specified.
       -w   Set the width of each column of output to be width columns.  If
            not specified columns are wide enough to accommodate the largest
            value of the type being printed.
       -x   The given pattern is sent to the performance metric domain agent
            for the requested metricname before any values are requested.
            This serves two purposes.  Firstly, it provides a mechanism for
            server-side event filtering that is customisable for individual
            event streams.  In addition, some performance metrics domain
            agents also use the PMCD store mechanism to provide a basic
            security model (e.g. for sensitive log files, only a client host
            with pmStore(3) access would be able to access the event
            stream).
            As pattern may be processed by regcomp(3) it should be a non-
            empty string.  Use . (dot) for a “match all” pattern.
       -Z   By default, pmval reports the time of day according to the local
            timezone on the system where pmval is run.  The -Z option
            changes the timezone to timezone in the format of the
            environment variable TZ as described in environ(7).
       -z   Change the reporting timezone to the local timezone at the host
            that is the source of the performance metrics, as identified via
            either the metricname or the -h or -a or -U options.
       The following symbols may occasionally appear, in place of a metric
       value, in pmval output:  A question mark symbol (?) indicates that a
       value is no longer available for that metric instance.  An
       exclamation mark (!)  indicates that a 64-bit counter wrapped during
       the sample.
       The output from pmval is directed to standard output.
