
       pmfind searches for instances of the specified PCP service being
       advertised on the network and prints a list of URLs corresponding to
       the services discovered.
       By default pmfind will search for all supported PCP services, however
       a specific PCP service to discover can be specified using the -s (or
       --service) option.  Supported services are pmcd(1), pmproxy(1) and
       pmwebd(1).
       The -m (or --mechanism) option sets the mechanism that pmfind uses
       when performing service discovery.  By default, or if the keyword
       "all" is specified, every available mechanism will be used
       (iteratively).  Supported mechanisms are:
       avahi  Searches for services which are broadcasting using mDNS via
              avahi-daemon(8).  An optional suffix ",timeout=N" may be added
              to limit the amount of time waiting for the avahi-daemon. N is
              a floating point number specifying the number of seconds to
              wait.  The default is 0.5 seconds.  This timeout may also be
              specified by setting the environment variable
              AVAHI_DISCOVERY_TIMEOUT to the desired number of seconds.  If
              both are specified, then the value specified in the
              environment variable takes precedence.
       probe=<net-address>/<mask-bits>
              Actively probes the given subnet for the requested PCP
              service(s).  <net-address> is an inet or ipv6 network address
              and <mask-bits> is the number of bits used to define the
              subnet.  For example, 192.168.1.0/24 defines an 8 bit subnet
              consisting of the addresses 192.168.1.0 through 192.168.1.255.
              An optional suffix ",maxThreads=N" may be added to limit the
              number of threads used while probing.  The default is the
              value of FD_SETSIZE (which is typically 1024) or the number of
              addresses in the subnet, whichever is less.  An optional
              suffix ",timeout=N" may be added to limit the amount of time
              spent waiting for each connection attempt.  N is a floating
              point number specifying the number of seconds to wait.  The
              default is 0.02 seconds (20 milliseconds).
       shell  Probes the list of addresses provided by scripts for requested
              PCP service(s).  Several optional, comma-separated parameters
              can also be provided.  The "path=DIR" option specifies the
              directory where commands like pcp-kube-pods(1) are located
              (defaults to $PCP_BINADM_DIR/discover/).  This setting can be
              further restricted to an individual command using the
              command=CMD option, but the default is to use all available
              commands from the path.  The "maxThreads=N" option limits the
              number of threads used while probing.  The default is the
              value of FD_SETSIZE (which is typically 1024) or the number of
              addresses returned by the scripts, whichever is less.  The
              "timeout=N" option may be added to limit the amount of time
              spent waiting for each connection attempt.  N is a floating
              point number specifying the number of seconds to wait.  The
              default is 0.02 seconds (20 milliseconds).
       The -r (or --resolve) option requests that DNS name resolution be
       attempted for the addresses of any discovered services.  The default
       is to display the network addresses of any discovered services.
       The -t (or --timeout) option sets the maximum amount of time that
       pmfind will take before interrupting the service discovery. The
       argument is a floating point number representing the number of
       seconds before timing out. The default is to take as much time as is
       needed to complete the process.
       The -q (or --quiet) option suppresses all output on the standard
       output stream.
