
       pmie accepts a collection of arithmetic, logical, and rule
       expressions to be evaluated at specified frequencies.  The base data
       for the expressions consists of performance metrics values delivered
       in real-time from any host running the Performance Metrics Collection
       Daemon (PMCD), or using historical data from Performance Co-Pilot
       (PCP) archive logs.
       As well as computing arithmetic and logical values, pmie can execute
       actions (popup alarms, write system log messages, and launch
       programs) in response to specified conditions.  Such actions are
       extremely useful in detecting, monitoring and correcting performance
       related problems.
       The expressions to be evaluated are read from configuration files
       specified by one or more filename arguments.  In the absence of any
       filename, expressions are read from standard input.
       A description of the command line options specific to pmie follows:
       -a   archive which is a comma-separated list of names, each of which
            may be the base name of an archive or the name of a directory
            containing one or more archives written by pmlogger(1).
            Multiple instances of the -a flag may appear on the command line
            to specify a list of sets of archives.  In this case, it is
            required that only one set of archives be present for any one
            host.  Also, any explicit host names occurring in a pmie
            expression must match the host name recorded in one of the
            archive labels.  In the case of multiple sets of archives,
            timestamps recorded in the archives are used to ensure temporal
            consistency.
       -b   Output will be line buffered and standard output is attached to
            standard error.  This is most useful for background execution in
            conjunction with the -l option.  The -b option is always used
            for pmie instances launched from pmie_check(1).
       -C   Parse the configuration file(s) and exit before performing any
            evaluations.  Any errors in the configuration file are reported.
       -c   An alternative to specifying filename at the end of the command
            line.
       -d   Normally pmie would be launched as a non-interactive process to
            monitor and manage the performance of one or more hosts.  Given
            the -d flag however, execution is interactive and the user is
            presented with a menu of options.  Interactive mode is useful
            mainly for debugging new expressions.
       -e   When used with -V, -v or -W, this option forces timestamps to be
            reported with each expression.  The timestamps are in ctime(3)
            format, enclosed in parenthesis and appear after the expression
            name and before the expression value, e.g.
                 expr_1 (Tue Feb  6 19:55:10 2001): 12
       -f   If the -l option is specified and there is no -a option (ie.
            real-time monitoring) then pmie is run as a daemon in the
            background (in all other cases foreground is the default).  The
            -f option forces pmie to be run in the foreground, independent
            of any other options.
       -h   By default performance data is fetched from the local host (in
            real-time mode) or the host for the first named set of archives
            on the command line (in archive mode).  The host argument
            overrides this default.  It does not override hosts explicitly
            named in the expressions being evaluated.  The host argument is
            interpreted as a connection specification for pmNewContext, and
            is later mapped to the remote pmcd's self-reported host name for
            reporting purposes.  See also the %h vs. %c substitutions in
            rule action strings below.
       -l   Standard error is sent to logfile.
       -j   An alternative STOMP protocol configuration is loaded from
            stompfile.  If this option is not used, and the stomp action is
            used in any rule, the default location
            $PCP_SYSCONF_DIR/pmie/config/stomp will be used.
       -n   An alternative Performance Metrics Name Space (PMNS) is loaded
            from the file pmnsfile.
       -q   Suppresses diagnostic messages that would be printed to standard
            output by default, especially the "evaluator exiting" message as
            this can confuse scripts.
       -t   The interval argument follows the syntax described in
            PCPIntro(1), and in the simplest form may be an unsigned integer
            (the implied units in this case are seconds).  The value is used
            to determine the sample interval for expressions that do not
            explicitly set their sample interval using the pmie variable
            delta described below.  The default is 10.0 seconds.
       -U username
            User account under which to run pmie.  The default is the
            current user account for interactive use.  When run as a daemon,
            the unprivileged "pcp" account is used in current versions of
            PCP, but in older versions the superuser account ("root") was
            used by default.
       -v   Unless one of the verbose options -V, -v or -W appears on the
            command line, expressions are evaluated silently, the only
            output is as a result of any actions being executed.  In the
            verbose mode, specified using the -v flag, the value of each
            expression is printed as it is evaluated.  The values are in
            canonical units; bytes in the dimension of ``space'', seconds in
            the dimension of ``time'' and events in the dimension of
            ``count''.  See pmLookupDesc(3) for details of the supported
            dimension and scaling mechanisms for performance metrics.  The
            verbose mode is useful in monitoring the value of given
            expressions, evaluating derived performance metrics, passing
            these values on to other tools for further processing and in
            debugging new expressions.
       -V   This option has the same effect as the -v option, except that
            the name of the host and instance (if applicable) are printed as
            well as expression values.
       -W   This option has the same effect as the -V option described
            above, except that for boolean expressions, only those names and
            values that make the expression true are printed.  These are the
            same names and values accessible to rule actions as the %h, %i,
            %c and %v bindings, as described below.
       -x   Execute in domain agent mode.  This mode is used within the
            Performance Co-Pilot product to derive values for summary
            metrics, see pmdasummary(1).  Only restricted functionality is
            available in this mode (expressions with actions may not be
            used).
       -Z   Change the reporting timezone to timezone in the format of the
            environment variable TZ as described in environ(7).
       -z   Change the reporting timezone to the timezone of the host that
            is the source of the performance metrics, as identified via
            either the -h option or the first named set of archives (as
            described above for the -a option).
       The -S, -T, -O, and -A options may be used to define a time window to
       restrict the samples retrieved, set an initial origin within the time
       window, or specify a ``natural'' alignment of the sample times; refer
       to PCPIntro(1) for a complete description of these options.
       Output from pmie is directed to standard output and standard error as
       follows:
       stdout
            Expression values printed in the verbose -v mode and the output
            of print actions.
       stderr
            Error and warning messages for any syntactic or semantic
            problems during expression parsing, and any semantic or
            performance metrics availability problems during expression
            evaluation.
