
       pminfo displays various types of information about performance
       metrics available through the facilities of the Performance Co-Pilot
       (PCP).
       Normally pminfo operates on the distributed Performance Metrics Name
       Space (PMNS), however if the -n/--namespace option is specified an
       alternative local PMNS is loaded from the file pmnsfile.  The
       -N/--uniqnames option supports the same function as -n/--namespace,
       except for the handling of duplicate names for the same Performance
       Metric Identifier (PMID) in pmnsfile - duplicate names are allowed
       with -n/--namespace but they are not allowed with -N/--uniqnames.
       The metrics of interest are named in the metricname arguments.  If
       metricname is a non-leaf node in the PMNS, then pminfo will
       recursively descend the PMNS and report on all leaf nodes.  If no
       metricname argument is given, the root of the PMNS is used.
       If the metricname argument is in numeric dotted notation, it is
       interpreted as either a 3-dotted pmid (metric identifier - domain,
       cluster, item numbers) or a 2-dotted indom (instance domain
       identifier - domain, serial number).  In the pmid case, a reverse
       PMID-to-name lookup is performed, and in the indom case, the instance
       domain is reported directly.  This latter mode can be used to report
       the instance domain ``one line'' and long form help text summaries.
       Unless directed to another host by the -h/--host option, by default
       pminfo will contact the Performance Metrics Collector Daemon (PMCD)
       on the local host.  The connection to a PMCD is only required if
       pminfo requires distributed PMNS information, and/or meta-data
       describing metrics, and/or metric values, and/or help text.
       The -a/--archive option causes pminfo to use the specified set of
       archives rather than connecting to a PMCD.  The argument to
       -a/--archive is a comma-separated list of names, each of which may be
       the base name of an archive or the name of a directory containing one
       or more archives.
       The -L/--local-PMDA option causes pminfo to use a local context to
       collect metrics from PMDAs on the local host without PMCD.  Only some
       metrics are available in this mode.
       The -a/--archive, -h/--host and -L/--local-PMDA options are mutually
       exclusive.
       The -b/--batch option may be used to define the maximum size of the
       group of metrics to be fetched in a single request for the -f/--fetch
       and -v/--verify options.  The default value for batchsize is 128.
       Other options control the specific information to be reported.
       -c dmfile, --derived=dmfile
            The dmfile argument specifies a file that contains derived
            metric definitions in the format described for
            pmLoadDerivedConfig(3).  The -c/--derived option provides a way
            to load derived metric definitions that is an alternative to the
            more generic use of the PCP_DERIVED_CONFIG environment variable
            as described in PCPIntro(1).  Using the -c/--derived option and
            the PCP_DERIVED_CONFIG environment variable to specify the same
            configuration is a bad idea, so choose one or the other method.
       -d, --desc
            Metric descriptions detailing the PMID, data type, data
            semantics, units, scale and associated instance domain.
       -f, --fetch
            Fetch and print values for all instances.  When fetching from a
            set of archives, only those instances present in the first
            archive record for a metric will be displayed; see also the
            -O/--origin option, else use pmdumplog(1) which may be a better
            tool for examining archives.
       -F, --fetchall
            Same as -f but try harder to fetch instances for metrics which
            have non-enumerable instance domains (e.g. metrics in the
            ``proc'' subtree of the default PMNS on some platforms).
       -I, --fullindom
            Print the InDom in verbose mode.
       -K spec, --spec-local=spec
            When using the -L/--local-PMDA option to fetch metrics from a
            local context, this option controls the DSO PMDAs that should be
            made accessible.  The spec argument conforms to the syntax
            described in pmSpecLocalPMDA(3).  More than one -K/--spec-local
            option may be used.
       -l, --labels
            Print label sets associated with metrics and instances.  Labels
            are optional metric metadata described in detail in
            pmLookupLabels(3).
       -m, --pmid
            Print the PMID in terse mode.
       -M, --fullpmid
            Print the PMID in verbose mode.
       -O time, --origin=time
            When used in conjunction with an archive source of metrics and
            the options -f/--fetch, the time argument defines a time origin
            at which the metrics should be fetched from the set of archives.
            Refer to PCPIntro(1) for a complete description of this option,
            and the syntax for the time argument.
       -s, --series
            Print time series identifiers associated with metrics and
            instances.  These unique identifiers are calculated from
            intrinsic (non-optional) labels and other metric metadata
            associated with every metric and instance.  See also
            pmLookupLabels(3) and the -l/--labels option.
       -S, --source
            Print the source identifier associated with the PMAPI context.
            These unique identifiers are calculated from the intrinsic
            labels associated with the context.  Archive, local context or
            host connections for the same host will all produce the same
            source identifier.  See also pmLookupLabels(3) and the
            -l/--labels option.
       -t, --oneline
            Print the ``one line'' help summary, if available.
       -T, --helptext
            Print the help text, if available.
       -v, --verify
            Verify mode in which descriptions and values are retrieved, but
            only error conditions are reported.  This option silently
            disables any output from the options -f/--fetch, -l/--labels,
            -I/--fullindom, -M/--fullpmid, -m/--pmid, -t/--oneline and
            -T/--helptext.
       -x, --events
            Like the -f/--fetch option, but with the additional
            functionality that if a value is processed that is of type
            PM_TYPE_EVENT or PM_TYPE_HIGHRES_EVENT, then the event records
            will be unpacked and the details of each event record reported.
