
       pmlogconf may be used to create and modify a generic configuration
       file for the PCP archive logger, pmlogger(1).
       If configfile does not exist, pmlogconf will create a generic
       configuration file with a default set of enabled metrics and logging
       intervals.
       Once created, configfile may be used with the -c option to
       pmlogger(1) to select performance metrics and specify logging
       intervals for a PCP archive.
       If configfile does exist, pmlogconf will prompt for input from the
       user to enable or disable groups of related performance metrics and
       to control the logging interval for each enabled group.
       Group selection requires a simple y (yes) or n (no) response to the
       prompt Log this group?.
       Other responses at this point may be used to select additional
       control functions as follows:
       m         Report the names of the metrics in the current group.
       q         Finish with group selection (quit) and make no further
                 changes to this group or any subsequent group.
       /pattern  Make no change to this group but search for a group
                 containing pattern in the description of the group or the
                 names of the associated metrics.
       A logging interval is specified by responding to the Logging
       interval?  prompt with the keywords once or default or a valid
       pmlogger(1) interval specification of the form ``every N timeunits''
       or simply ``N timeunits '' (the every is optional) where N is an
       unsigned integer and timeunits is one of the keywords msec,
       millisecond, sec, second, min, minute, hour or the plural form of one
       of the keywords.
       When run from automated logging setup processes, the -c option is
       used to indicate that pmlogconf is in auto-create mode and no
       interactive dialog takes place.  The output configfile has an
       additional comment message and timestamp indicating this fact, so
       that it can be identified and subsequently updated using -c again.
       This option is not appropriate for interactive use of the tool.
       The -q option suppresses the logging interval dialog and preserves
       the current interval from configfile.
       More verbose output may be enabled with the -v option.
