
       pmlogsummary prints statistical information about metrics of numeric
       type contained within the files of a set of Performance Co-Pilot
       (PCP) archive logs.  The default output prints time averages for both
       counter and non-counter metrics.  The set of archive logs is
       identified by archive, which is a comma-separated list of names, each
       of which may be the base name of an archive or the name of a
       directory containing one or more archives.  The archive logs are
       typically created using pmlogger(1).
       The metrics of interest are named in the metricname arguments.  If
       metricname is a non-leaf node in the Performance Metrics Name Space
       (pmns(5)), then pmlogsummary will recursively descend the PMNS and
       report on all leaf nodes.  If no metricname argument is given, the
       root of the namespace is used.
       Normally pmlogsummary operates on the default pmns(5), however if the
       -n option is specified an alternative namespace is loaded from the
       file pmnsfile.
       The command line options -S and -T can be used to specify a time
       window over which metrics should be summarized.  These options are
       common to most Performance Co-Pilot tools and are fully described in
       PCPIntro(1).
       The remaining options control the specific information to be
       reported.  Metrics with counter semantics are converted to rates
       before being evaluated.
       -a     Print all information.  This is equivalent to -blmMy.
       -b     Print both forms of averaging, that is both stochastic and
              time averaging.
       -B     Print the approximate distribution of values, using histogram
              bins such that the value range (minimum - maximum) for each
              metric is divided equally into nbins bins, and each bin
              accumulates the frequency of observed values in the
              corresponding range.  Refer to the ``OUTPUT FORMAT'' section
              below for a description of how the distribution of values is
              reported).
       -f     Spreadsheet format - the tab character is used to delimit each
              field printed.  This option is intended to allow pmlogsummary
              output to be imported directly into common spreadsheet
              applications.
       -F     Spreadsheet format - the comma character is used to delimit
              each field printed.  This option is intended to allow
              pmlogsummary output to be imported directly into common
              spreadsheet applications which support the Comma Separated
              Value (.csv) format.
       -H     Print a one-line header at the start showing what each field
              represents.
       -l     Also print the archive label, showing the log format version,
              the time and date for the start and end of the archive time
              window, and the host from which the performance metrics values
              were collected.
       -i     Also print the time at which the minimum value was logged.
              The format of this timestamp is described in the ``OUTPUT
              FORMAT'' section below.
       -I     Also print the time at which the maximum value was logged.
              The format of this timestamp is described in the ``OUTPUT
              FORMAT'' section below.
       -m     Also print the minimum logged value for each metric.
       -M     Also print the maximum logged value for each metric.
       -s     Print (only) the sum of all logged values for each metric.
       -N     Suppress any warnings resulting from individual archive
              fetches (default).
       -p     Print all floating point numbers with precision digits after
              the decimal place.
       -v     Report (verbosely) on warnings resulting from individual
              archive fetches.
       -x     Print stochastic averages instead of the default (time
              averages).
       -y     Also print the number of samples encountered in the set of
              archives for each metric.
       By default, pmlogsummary reports the time of day according to the
       local timezone on the system where pmlogsummary is run.  The -Z
       option changes the timezone to timezone in the format of the
       environment variable TZ as described in environ(7).  The -z option
       changes the timezone to the local timezone at the host that is the
       source of the performance metrics, as specified in the label record
       of the archive log.
