
       pmloglabel verifies, reports on, and can modify all details of the
       labels in each of the files of a Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) archive
       log.  The archive log has the base name archive and must have been
       previously created using pmlogger(1).
       Each of the files in a PCP archive (metadata, temporal index, and one
       or more data volumes) must contain a valid label at the start, else
       the PCP tools will refuse to open the archive at all.
       Thus, the primary function of pmloglabel is to be able to repair any
       inconsistent or corrupt label fields, such that the entire archive is
       not lost.  It will not check the remainder of the archive, but it
       will give you a fighting chance to recover otherwise lost data.
       Together, pmloglabel and pmlogextract are able to produce a valid PCP
       archive from many forms of corruption.
       Note that if the temporal index is found to be corrupt, the "*.index"
       file can be safely moved aside and the archive will still be
       accessible, however retrievals may take longer without the index.
       The options control the specific information to be reported, or the
       specific fields to be modified:
       -h   Modify the logged hostname in the archive label, for all files
            in the archive.
       -l   Dump out the archive label, showing the log format version, the
            time and date for the start and (current) end of the archive,
            and the host from which the performance metrics values were
            collected.
       -L   Like -l, just a little more verbose, showing also the timezone
            and creator process identifier from the archive label.
       -p   Set the process identifier stored in the archive label to pid,
            for all files in the archive.
       -s   Rewrite the sentinel values which precede and follow the archive
            label, for all files in the archive.
       -v   Verbose mode.  Additional progress information is produced at
            each step.
       -V   Stamp the version number into the magic number field at the
            start of the archive label, for all files in the archive.
       -Z   Changes the timezone in the archive labels to timezone in the
            format of the environment variable TZ as described in
            environ(7).
