
       pmnscomp compiles a Performance Metrics Name Space (PMNS) in ASCII
       format into a more efficient binary representation.
       pmLoadNameSpace(3) is able to load this binary representation
       significantly faster than the equivalent ASCII representation.
       If outfile already exists pmnscomp will exit without overwriting it.
       By convention, the name of the compiled namespace is that of the root
       file of the ASCII namespace, with .bin appended.  For example, the
       root of the default PMNS is a file named root and the compiled
       version of the entire namespace is root.bin.
       The options are;
       -d   By default the PMNS to be compiled is expected to contain at
            most one name for each unique Performance Metric Identifier
            (PMID).  The -d option relaxes this restriction and allows the
            compilation of a PMNS in which multiple names may be associated
            with a single PMID.  Duplicate names are useful when a
            particular metric may be logically associated with more than one
            group of related metrics, or when it is desired to create
            abbreviated aliases to name a set of frequently used metrics.
       -f   Force overwriting of an existing outfile if it already exists.
       -n   Normally pmnscomp operates on the default PMNS, however if the
            -n option is specified an alternative namespace is loaded from
            the file namespace.
       -v   By default, pmnscomp writes a version 2 compiled namespace.  If
            version is 1 then pmnscomp will write a version 1 namespace
            which is similar to version 2, without the extra integrity
            afforded by checksums.  Note that PCP version 2.0 or later can
            handle both versions 1 and 2 of the binary PMNS format.
       The default input PMNS is found in the file $PCP_VAR_DIR/pmns/root
       unless the environment variable PMNS_DEFAULT is set, in which case
       the value is assumed to be the pathname to the file containing the
       default input PMNS.
