
       pmproxy acts as a protocol proxy for pmcd(1), allowing Performance
       Co-Pilot (PCP) monitoring clients to connect to one or more pmcd(1)
       instances via pmproxy.
       Normally pmproxy is deployed in a firewall domain, or on a ``head''
       node of a cluster where the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the
       hosts where pmcd(1) is running may be unknown to the PCP monitoring
       clients, although the IP address of the host where pmproxy is running
       is known to these clients.  Similarly, the clients may have network
       connectivity only to the host where pmproxy is running, while there
       is network connectivity from that host to the hosts of interest where
       pmcd(1) is running.
       The behaviour of the PCP monitoring clients is controlled by either
       the PMPROXY_HOST environment variable or through the extended
       hostname specification (see PCPIntro(1) for details).  If neither of
       these mechanisms is used, clients will make their connections
       directly to pmcd(1).  If the proxy hostname syntax is used or
       PMPROXY_HOST is set, then this should be the hostname or IP address
       of the system where pmproxy is running, and the clients will connect
       to pmcd(1) indirectly through the protocol proxy services of pmproxy.
       The options to pmproxy are as follows.
       -A     Disable service advertisement.  By default, pmproxy will
              advertise its presence on the network using any available
              mechanisms (such as Avahi/DNS-SD), assisting remote monitoring
              tools with finding it.  These mechanisms are disabled with
              this option.
       -C dirname
              Specify the path to the Network Security Services certificate
              database, for (optional) secure connections.  The default is
              /etc/pki/nssdb.  Refer also to the -P option.  If it does not
              already exist, this database can be created using the certutil
              utility.  This process and other certificate database
              maintenance information is provided in the PCPIntro(1) manual
              page and the online PCP tutorials.
       -f     By default pmproxy is started as a daemon.  The -f option
              indicates that it should run in the foreground.  This is most
              useful when trying to diagnose problems with establishing
              connections.
       -i ipaddress
              This option is usually only used on hosts with more than one
              network interface (very common for firewall and ``head'' node
              hosts where pmproxy is most likely to be deployed).  If no -i
              options are specified pmproxy accepts PCP client connections
              on  any of its host's IP addresses.  The -i option is used to
              specify explicitly an IP address that PCP client connections
              should be accepted on.  ipaddress should be in the standard
              dotted form (e.g. 100.23.45.6).  The -i option may be used
              multiple times to define a list of IP addresses.  When one or
              more -i options is specified, attempted connections made on
              any other IP addresses will be refused.
       -l logfile
              By default a log file named pmproxy.log is written in the
              current directory.  The -l option causes the log file to be
              written to logfile instead of the default.  If the log file
              cannot be created or is not writable, output is written to the
              standard error instead.
       -L bytes
              PDUs received by pmproxy from PCP monitoring clients are
              restricted to a maximum size of 65536 bytes by default to
              defend against Denial of Service attacks.  The -L option may
              be used to change the maximum incoming PDU size.
       -M certname
              By default, pmproxy will try to use a certificate called PCP
              Collector certificate in its server role. The -M option allows
              this to be changed.
       -P passfile
              Specify the path to a file containing the Network Security
              Services certificate database password for (optional) secure
              connections, and for databases that are password protected.
              Refer also to the -C option.  When using this option, great
              care should be exercised to ensure appropriate ownership
              ("pcp" user, typically) and permissions on this file (0400, so
              as to be unreadable by any user other than the user running
              the pmproxy process).
       -U username
              Assume the identity of username before starting to accept
              incoming packets from PCP monitoring clients.
       -x file
              Before the pmproxy logfile can be opened, pmproxy may
              encounter a fatal error which prevents it from starting.  By
              default, the output describing this error is sent to /dev/tty
              but it may redirected to file.
