
       pmprobe determines the availability of performance metrics exported
       through the facilities of the Performance Co-Pilot (PCP).
       The metrics of interest are named in the metricname arguments.  If
       metricname is a non-leaf node in the Performance Metrics Name Space
       (pmns(5)), then pmprobe will recursively descend the PMNS and report
       on all leaf nodes.  If no metricname argument is given, the root of
       the namespace is used.
       This recursive expansion of the PMNS can be inhibited by the -F (go
       faster) option, which reduces the number of roundtrips to pmcd(1)
       when the metricname arguments are known to be leaf nodes ahead of
       time.
       The output format is spartan and intended for use in wrapper scripts
       creating configuration files for other PCP tools.  By default, there
       is one line of output per metric, with the metric name followed by a
       count of the number of available values.  Error conditions are
       encoded as a negative value count (as per the PMAPI(3) protocols, but
       may be decoded using pmerr(1)) and followed by a textual description
       of the error.
       Unless directed to another host by the -h option, pmprobe will
       contact the Performance Metrics Collector Daemon (PMCD) on the local
       host.
       The -a option causes pmprobe to use the specified set of archives
       rather than connecting to a PMCD.  The argument is a comma-separated
       list of names, each of which may be the base name of an archive or
       the name of a directory containing one or more archives.  The -a and
       -h options are mutually exclusive.
       The -L option causes pmprobe to use a local context to collect
       metrics from PMDAs on the local host without PMCD.  Only some metrics
       are available in this mode.  The -a,-h and -L options are mutually
       exclusive.
       Normally pmprobe operates on the distributed Performance Metrics Name
       Space (PMNS), however, if the -n option is specified an alternative
       local PMNS file is loaded from the file pmnsfile.
       Other options control the output of additional information when one
       or more values is available.
       -f   When used with -i or -I the set of instances reported will be
            all of those known at the source of the performance data.  By
            default the set of reported instances are those for which values
            are currently available, which may be smaller than the set
            reported with -f.
       -I   Report the external identifiers for each instance.  The literal
            string PM_IN_NULL is reported for singular metrics.
       -i   Report the internal identifiers for each instance.  The values
            are in decimal and prefixed by ``?''.  As a special case, the
            literal string PM_IN_NULL is reported for singular metrics.
       -K   When using the -L option to fetch metrics from a local context,
            the -K option may be used to control the DSO PMDAs that should
            be made accessible.  The spec argument conforms to the syntax
            described in pmSpecLocalPMDA(3).  More than one -K option may be
            used.
       -O   When used in conjunction with an archive source of metrics and
            the -v option the time argument defines a time origin at which
            the metrics should be fetched from the archive(s).  Refer to
            PCPIntro(1) for a complete description of this option, and the
            syntax for the time argument.
       -v   Report the value for each instance, as per the formatting rules
            of pmPrintValue(3).  When fetching from a set of archives, only
            those instances present in the first archive record for a metric
            will be displayed; see also the -O option.
       The -v option is mutually exclusive with either the -I or -i options.
       The -V option provides a cryptic summary of the number of messages
       sent and received across the PMAPI interface.
