
       pmpython provides a way to run python scripts using a customisable
       python interpreter, rather than embedding the name of a particular
       version of python into each script.
       This can be useful as it allows version-independent python code to be
       run anywhere.  All python modules shipped with PCP support versions
       2.6 and later (in the python2 series), and 3.3 and later (in the
       python3 release series).
       Due to python monitoring and collecting scripts being relatively
       simple in PCP (not requiring new modules, language features, etc), it
       has been possible to ensure they work for all of the above python
       versions.
       However, the name of the python interpreter is not always the same,
       thus, it is common for PCP python scripts to use a “shebang” line
       that launches the python interpreter indirectly as follows:
          #!/usr/bin/env pmpython
       env(1) is used to find the correct path for the pmpython executable
       from the user's $PATH.
       By default the name of the python interpreter is found from the the
       value of $PCP_PYTHON_PROG from the environment (if set) else from
       /etc/pcp.conf.  The latter is the more typical case where this value
       is based on some heuristics about the platform at the time the PCP
       packages were build and favour the use of python3 in all recent
       releases of PCP (for those platforms that support it).
       This allows an appropriate name to be used for the python interpreter
       instead of a hard-coded python version name, while still allowing the
       user to override the python interpreter as follows:
          $ PCP_PYTHON_PROG=python3 pmpython --version
          Python 3.4.2
          $ PCP_PYTHON_PROG=python2 pmpython --version
          Python 2.7.9
       This is convenient for shipping identical scripts on multiple
       platforms, and for testing different python versions with the one
       script (e.g. in the case where multiple versions of python are
       installed, PCP_PYTHON_PROG can be set in the local environment to
       override the global setting).
       pmpython is a replacement for an earlier tool with similar function,
       namely pcp-python(1).
