
       pmsnap is a shell script that is normally run periodically from
       crontab(1) to generate graphic images of pmchart(1) performance
       charts.  These images can be in any of the supported pmchart formats,
       including png, bmp, and jpeg, and may be incorporated into the
       content offered by the local Web server.  The -V option enables
       verbose tracing of the actions.  By default pmsnap generates no
       output unless some error or warning condition is encountered.
       pmsnap generates images according to its control file,
       $PCP_PMSNAPCONTROL_PATH (or dir/control if the -C option is
       specified), and uses archive logs created by pmlogger(1) or PCP
       archive folios created by pmafm(1) and pmlogger_check(1).  Before
       attempting to configure pmsnap, it is strongly recommended that
       pmlogger be configured according to the descriptions in
       pmlogger_daily(1), pmlogger_check(1) and pmlogger(1).
       Once pmlogger has been configured, it is necessary to configure
       pmsnap as follows;
       1.     Edit the control file $PCP_PMSNAPCONTROL_PATH.  The syntax of
              this file is described in the comment at the head of the file
              and an example is supplied for one and twelve hour "Summary"
              performance charts for the local host.  Suitable arguments for
              pmchart are also described in the comment.  The user should
              consult pmchart for further details.  Note that when pmsnap is
              run, it globally substitutes the string LOCALHOSTNAME with the
              name of the local host in the control file.
       2.     Test the configuration by running
                                 $PCP_BINADM_DIR/pmsnap.
              Without any arguments pmsnap will process every non-comment
              line in $PCP_PMSNAPCONTROL_PATH.  The output images will be
              placed in the files named in the first field of each line in
              the control file, with the file format appended if necessary.
              If these file names do not start with / or .  then they are
              assumed relative to dir, as specified with the -o option.  The
              default dir is the current directory.  Note that if pmlogger
              has only been recently started (within about the last 15
              minutes), snap-shot images may not be produced and no error
              messages will be issued - the reason is that pmchart can not
              use very short archives and hence, neither can pmsnap.  For
              debugging purposes the -V flag should be used.
       3.     Add an appropriate entry for pmsnap in the root user's
              crontab.  An example is supplied in
              $PCP_VAR_DIR/config/pmlogger/crontab.
       4.     Incorporate the pmsnap images into the local WWW content.
              Usually, WWW pages use images that are relative to a
              particular document root, so it is often convenient to use the
              -o command line option to specify a sub-directory of the local
              WWW content, and then create a web page in this directory that
              shows the snapshot images with text and other content
              appropriate to the local environment.
