
       pmstat provides a one line summary of system performance every
       interval unit of time (the default is 5 seconds).  pmstat is intended
       to monitor system performance at the highest level, after which other
       tools may be used to examine subsystems in which potential
       performance problems may be observed in greater detail.
       pcp-vmstat is a simple wrapper for use with the pcp(1) command,
       providing a more familiar command line format for some users.  It
       also enables the extended reporting option by default, see the -x
       option below.
       Multiple hosts may be monitored by supplying more than one host with
       multiple -h flags (for live monitoring) or by providing a name of the
       hostlist file, where each line contain one host name, with -H, or
       multiple -a flags (for retrospective monitoring from sets of
       archives).
       The -t option may be used to change the default reporting interval.
       The interval argument follows the syntax described in PCPIntro(1),
       and in the simplest form may be an unsigned integer (the implied
       units in this case are seconds).
       By default, pmstat fetches metrics by connecting to the Performance
       Metrics Collector Daemon (PMCD) on the local host.  If the -L option
       is specified, then pmcd(1) is bypassed, and metrics are fetched from
       PMDAs on the local host using the standalone PM_CONTEXT_LOCAL variant
       of pmNewContext(3).  When the -h option is specified, pmstat connects
       to the pmcd(1) on host and fetches metrics from there.  As mentioned
       above, multiple hosts may be monitored by supplying multiple -h
       flags.
       Alternatively, if the -a option is used, the metrics are retrieved
       from the Performance Co-Pilot archive log files identified by
       archive, which is a comma-separated list of names, each of which may
       be the base name of an archive or the name of a directory containing
       one or more archives.  Multiple sets of archives may be replayed by
       supplying multiple -a flags.  When the -a flag is used, the -P flag
       may also be used to pause the output after each interval.
       Standalone mode can only connect to the local host, using a set of
       archives implies a host name, and nominating a host precludes using
       an archive, so the options -L, -a and -h are mutually exclusive.
       Normally pmstat operates on the default Performance Metrics Name
       Space (PMNS), however if the -n option is specified an alternative
       namespace is loaded from the file pmnsfile.
       If the -s the option is specified, samples defines the number of
       samples to be retrieved and reported.  If samples is 0 or -s is not
       specified, pmstat will sample and report continuously - this is the
       default behavior.
       When processing a set of archives, pmstat may relinquish its own
       timing control, and operate as a ``slave'' of a pmtime(1) process
       that uses a GUI dialog to provide timing control.  In this case,
       either the -g option should be used to start pmstat as the sole slave
       of a new pmtime(1) instance, or -p should be used to attach pmstat to
       an existing pmtime(1) instance via the IPC channel identified by the
       port argument.
       The -S, -T, -O and -A options may be used to define a time window to
       restrict the samples retrieved, set an initial origin within the time
       window, or specify a ``natural'' alignment of the sample times; refer
       to PCPIntro(1) for a complete description of these options.
       The -l option prints the last 7 characters of a hostname in summaries
       involving more than one host (when more than one -h option has been
       specified on the command line).
       The -x option (extended CPU metrics) causes two additional CPU
       metrics to be reported, namely wait for I/O ("wa") and virtualisation
       steal time ("st").
       The output from pmstat is directed to standard output, and the
       columns in the report are interpreted as follows:
       loadavg   The 1 minute load average.
       memory    The swpd column indicates average swap space used during
                 the interval, in Kbytes.  The free column indicates average
                 free memory during the interval, in Kbytes.  The buff
                 column indicates average buffer memory in use during the
                 interval, in Kbytes.  The cache column indicates average
                 cached memory in use during the interval, in Kbytes.
                 If the values become large, they are reported as Mbytes (m
                 suffix) or Gbytes (g suffix).
       swap      The metrics in this area of the kernel instrumentation are
                 of varying value.  We try to report the average number of
                 pages that are paged in (pi) and out (po) per second during
                 the interval.  If the corresponding page swapping metrics
                 are unavailable, we report the average rate per second of
                 swap operations in (si) and out (so) during the interval.
                 It is normal for the ``in'' values to be non-zero, but the
                 system is suffering memory stress if the ``out'' values are
                 non-zero over an extended period.
                 If the values become large, they are reported as thousands
                 of operations per second (K suffix) or millions of
                 operations per second (M suffix).
       io        The bi and bo columns indicate the average rate per second
                 of block input and block output operations (respectfully)
                 during the interval.  Unless all file systems have a 1
                 Kbyte block size, these rates do not directly indicate
                 Kbytes transferred.
                 If the values become large, they are reported as thousands
                 of operations per second (K suffix) or millions of
                 operations per second (M suffix).
       system    Interrupt rate (in) and context switch rate (cs).  Rates
                 are expressed as average operations per second during the
                 interval.  Note that the interrupt rate is normally at
                 least HZ (the clock interrupt rate, usually 100) interrupts
                 per second.
                 If the values become large, they are reported as thousands
                 of operations per second (K suffix) or millions of
                 operations per second (M suffix).
       cpu       Percentage of CPU time spent executing user and "nice user"
                 code (us), system and interrupt processing code (sy), idle
                 loop (id).
       If any values for the associated performance metrics are unavailable,
       the value appears as ``?'' in the output.
       By default, pmstat reports the time of day according to the local
       timezone on the system where pmstat is run.  The -Z option changes
       the timezone to timezone in the format of the environment variable TZ
       as described in environ(7).  The -z option changes the timezone to
       the local timezone at the host that is the source of the performance
       metrics, as identified via either the -h or -a options.
