
       Under certain circumstances, it is useful to be able to modify the
       values of performance metrics, for example to re-initialize counters
       or to assign new values to metrics that act as control variables.
       pmstore changes the current values for the nominated instances of a
       single performance metric, as identified by metricname and the list
       of instance identifiers following the -i argument.  instances must be
       a single argument, with elements of the list separated by commas
       and/or white space.  By default all instances of metricname will be
       updated.
       Normally pmstore operates on the default Performance Metrics Name
       Space (PMNS), however if the -n option is specified an alternative
       namespace is loaded from the file pmnsfile.
       Unless directed to another host by the -h option, pmstore will
       interact with the Performance Metric Collector Daemon (PMCD) on the
       local host.
       The -L option causes pmstore to use a local context to store to
       metrics from PMDAs on the local host without PMCD.  Only some metrics
       are available in this mode.  The -h and -L options are mutually
       exclusive.
       The -f option forces the given value to be stored, even if there is
       no current value set.
       The interpretation of value is dependent on the syntax used in its
       specification and the underlying data type of metricname, as follows.
       1.  If the metric has an integer type, then value should be an
           optional leading hyphen, followed either by decimal digits or
           ``0x'' and some hexadecimal digits.  ``0X'' is also acceptable in
           lieu of ``0x''.  See strtol(3) and the related routines.
       2.  If the metric has a floating point type, then value should be
           either in the form of an integer described above, or a fixed
           point number, or a number in scientific notation.  See strtod(3).
       3.  If the metric has a string type, then value is interpreted as a
           literal string of ASCII characters.
       4.  If the metric has any other type (i.e.  PM_TYPE_EVENT or
           PM_TYPE_AGGREGATE) then no encoding of value from the command
           line makes sense, and the values of these metrics cannot be
           modified with pmstore.
       The output reports the old value and the new value for each updated
       instance of the requested metric.
       When using the -L option to fetch metrics from a local context, the
       -K option may be used to control the DSO PMDAs that should be made
       accessible.  The spec argument conforms to the syntax described in
       pmSpecLocalPMDA(3).  More than one -K option may be used.
       Normally pmstore will report the old value (as initially retrieved
       using pmFetch(3)) and the new value from the command line.  The -F
       option forces another pmFetch(3) after the pmStore(3) and the
       returned value is reported as the new value.  This is useful in cases
       where metricname is a metric that provides different semantics for
       the store operation, e.g. to increment the current value or reset a
       counter (independent of the value from the command line).
