
       pmview is a generalized 3D performance metrics visualization tool for
       the Performance Co-Pilot (PCP(1)).
       pmview is the base utility behind performance metrics visualization
       tools such as dkvis(1), mpvis(1), osvis(1) and nfsvis(1), It is also
       used by a range of related tools that are specific to optional
       Performance Domain Agents (PMDA) and/or PCP add-on products.  pmview
       may also be used to construct customized 3D performance displays.
       pmview displays performance metrics as colored blocks and cylinders
       arranged on monochrome base planes. Each object may represent a
       single performance metric, or a stack of several performance metrics.
       Since the objects are modulated by the value of the metric they
       represent, only numerical metrics may be visualized.  Objects
       representing a single metric may be modulated in terms of height,
       color, or height and color.  Objects in a stack may only be height
       modulated, but the stack can be normalized to the maximum height.
       Labels may be added to the scene to help identify groups of metrics.
       A configuration file (as specified by the -c option, or read from
       standard input) is used to specify the position, color, maximum value
       and labels of metrics and metric instances in the scene.  The maximum
       value acts as a normalization factor and is used to scale the object
       height and/or color in proportion to the metric values.  Metric
       values which exceed the associated maximum value are displayed as
       solid white objects.  If a metric is unavailable, the object will
       have minimum height and will be colored grey.
       Normally, the tool operates in ``live'' mode where performance
       metrics are fetched in real-time.  The user can view metrics from any
       host running pmcd(1).  pmview can also replay archives of performance
       metrics (see pmlogger(1)) and allow the user to interactively control
       the current replay time and rate using the VCR paradigm.  This is
       particularly useful for retrospective comparisons and for post-mortem
       analysis of performance problems where a remote system is not
       accessible or a performance analyst is not available on-site.
       All metrics in the Performance Metrics Name Space (PMNS) with numeric
       value semantics from any number of hosts or archives may be
       visualized.  pmview examines the semantics of the metrics and where
       sensible, converts metric values to a rate before scaling.
