
       pmwebd is a network daemon that binds a subset of the Performance Co-
       Pilot (PCP) client API (PMAPI(3)) to RESTful web applications using
       the HTTP (PMWEBAPI(3)) protocol.  Web clients request a URI with the
       prefix /pmapi to access the bindings.  pmwebd creates PCP contexts as
       requested by a dynamic pool of remote clients, and maintains them as
       long as the clients regularly reconnect to request PMAPI operations.
       Otherwise, PCP contexts are closed after a timeout.  Permanent
       contexts may be requested on the command line.
       In addition to the API binding, pmwebd may be optionally configured
       as a simple HTTP file server, in order to feed the web application
       itself to a web browser.  URIs not matching the /pmapi prefix are
       mapped to files under the configured resource directory, if the -R
       option was given.
       In addition, pmwebd may be optionally configured as a server of a
       subset of the graphite 0.9.12 web API, for URLs with the /graphite
       prefix, in order to expose PCP archives to interactive data-graphing
       web applications.
       The options to pmwebd are as follows.
       -p port
              Set the TCP port number on which pmwebd will listen for HTTP
              requests.  The default is 44323.
       -4 or -6
              Listen only on IPv4 or IPv6.  By default, pmwebd will listen
              on both protocols, if possible.
       -A archdir
              Limit remote access to archives to only those beneath the
              given directory.  For performance, symbolic links to other
              directories may not be followed.  By default, only files
              beneath the initial pmwebd working directory may be accessed.
       -R resdir
              Activate file serving beneath the given resource directory.
              All regular files there may be read and transcribed to remote
              clients.  By default, file serving is disabled.
       -G     Activate servicing of a subset of the graphite webapi.  This
              exposes all PCP archives under the -A directory to remote
              clients.  By default, graphite webapi serving is disabled.  To
              use the graphite and/or grafana web applications included with
              pmwebd, use both -G and -R, and connect your web browser to
              http://127.0.0.1:43323/ 
       -X     Disable encoding of common characters for metric names, which
              allows shorter graphite metric names.
       -i min-interval
              Set the minimum sampling interval for graphite time series in
              seconds.  The default is 60.  Smaller values give higher pre‐
              cision (but not necessarily accuracy) data, but may cost extra
              processing time at pmwebd or the web browser; and vice versa.
       -J     When constructing graphite metric names, use the stored host‐
              name instead of a archive pathname as the first component.
              This virtually unifies all archives found with the same host‐
              name into a single time series.  The host name is canonical‐
              ized: any symbol characters other than _ (underscore), space,
              - (hyphen), and / (slash) are replaced by _ (underscore).
       -t timeout
              Set the maximum timeout (in seconds) after the last operation
              on a pmapi web context, before it is closed by pmwebd.  A
              smaller timeout may be requested by the web client. The de‐
              fault is 300.
       -c number
              Reset the next PMWEBAPI permanent context identifier as given.
              The default is 1.
       -h hostname or -a archive or -L
              Assign the next permanent PMWEBAPI context identifier to a
              PMAPI connection to the given host (with an extended syntax as
              given in PCPIntro(1)), or archive file, or the PM_CONTEXT_LO‐
              CAL.
       -C     Mandatory authentication mode, where all host specifications
              at context creation time must be accompanied by credentials
              (username and password).  These are then passed to pmcd(1)
              when creating the context.  In addition, subsequent PMAPI con‐
              text operations require matching HTTP Basic authentication
              credentials.  This setting is incompatible with the permissive
              mode of operation.
       -P     Run in permissive mode, allowing Unix domain socket connec‐
              tions and/or local PMDA contexts.  By default these are not
              allowed due to the automatic authentication that is performed
              on the server in these modes.  Only enable this option if you
              understand the risks involved, and are sure that all remote
              pmwebd accesses will be from benevolent users.  If enabled,
              unauthenticated remote PMWEBAPI(3) clients will be able to ac‐
              cess potentially sensitive performance metric values which an
              unauthenticated PMAPI(3) client usually would not be able to.
              Refer to CVE-2012-3419 for additional details.
       -N     Disable creation of new PMWEBAPI contexts via HTTP requests,
              leaving only permanent ones accessible.
       -K spec
              When fetching metrics from a local context, the -K option may
              be used to control the DSO PMDAs that should be made accessi‐
              ble.  The spec argument conforms to the syntax described in
              pmSpecLocalPMDA(3).  More than one -K option may be used.
       -l logfile
              By default, logging goes to standard output/error file han‐
              dles.  The verbosity flag -v affects the amount of traffic.
              The -l option causes the log file to be written to logfile in‐
              stead.  If the log file cannot be created or is not writable,
              output is written to the standard error instead.
       -U username
              If invoked as root, assume the identity of username before
              starting to accept incoming requests from web clients.
       -S     Disable service advertisement.  By default, pmwebd will adver‐
              tise its presence on the network using any available mecha‐
              nisms (such as Avahi/DNS-SD), assisting remote monitoring
              tools with finding it.  These mechanisms are disabled with
              this option.
       -x file
              Before the pmwebd logfile can be opened, pmwebd may encounter
              a fatal error which prevents it from starting.  By default,
              the output describing this error is sent to /dev/tty but it
              may redirected to file.
       -v     Increase the verbosity of pmwebd as it logs to its standard
              output/error.
       -?     Show pmwebd invocation help and exit.
