
   newpad
       The newpad routine creates and returns a pointer to a new pad data
       structure with the given number of lines, nlines, and columns, ncols.
       A pad is like a window, except that it is not restricted by the
       screen size, and is not necessarily associated with a particular part
       of the screen.  Pads can be used when a large window is needed, and
       only a part of the window will be on the screen at one time.
       Automatic refreshes of pads (e.g., from scrolling or echoing of
       input) do not occur.
       It is not legal to call wrefresh with a pad as an argument; the
       routines prefresh or pnoutrefresh should be called instead.  Note
       that these routines require additional parameters to specify the part
       of the pad to be displayed and the location on the screen to be used
       for the display.
   subpad
       The subpad routine creates and returns a pointer to a subwindow
       within a pad with the given number of lines, nlines, and columns,
       ncols.  Unlike subwin, which uses screen coordinates, the window is
       at position (begin_x, begin_y) on the pad.  The window is made in the
       middle of the window orig, so that changes made to one window affect
       both windows.  During the use of this routine, it will often be
       necessary to call touchwin or touchline on orig before calling
       prefresh.
   prefresh, pnoutrefresh
       The prefresh and pnoutrefresh routines are analogous to wrefresh and
       wnoutrefresh except that they relate to pads instead of windows.  The
       additional parameters are needed to indicate what part of the pad and
       screen are involved.
       ·   The pminrow and pmincol parameters specify the upper left-hand
           corner of the rectangle to be displayed in the pad.
       ·   The sminrow, smincol, smaxrow, and smaxcol parameters specify the
           edges of the rectangle to be displayed on the screen.
       The lower right-hand corner of the rectangle to be displayed in the
       pad is calculated from the screen coordinates, since the rectangles
       must be the same size.  Both rectangles must be entirely contained
       within their respective structures.  Negative values of pminrow,
       pmincol, sminrow, or smincol are treated as if they were zero.
   pechochar
       The pechochar routine is functionally equivalent to a call to addch
       followed by a call to refresh(3X), a call to waddch followed by a
       call to wrefresh, or a call to waddch followed by a call to prefresh.
       The knowledge that only a single character is being output is taken
       into consideration and, for non-control characters, a considerable
       performance gain might be seen by using these routines instead of
       their equivalents.  In the case of pechochar, the last location of
       the pad on the screen is reused for the arguments to prefresh.
   pecho_wchar
       The pecho_wchar function is the analogous wide-character form of
       pechochar.  It outputs one character to a pad and immediately
       refreshes the pad.  It does this by a call to wadd_wch followed by a
       call to prefresh.
