
       ps displays information about a selection of the active processes.
       If you want a repetitive update of the selection and the displayed
       information, use top(1) instead.
       This version of ps accepts several kinds of options:
       1   UNIX options, which may be grouped and must be preceded by a
           dash.
       2   BSD options, which may be grouped and must not be used with a
           dash.
       3   GNU long options, which are preceded by two dashes.
       Options of different types may be freely mixed, but conflicts can
       appear.  There are some synonymous options, which are functionally
       identical, due to the many standards and ps implementations that this
       ps is compatible with.
       Note that "ps -aux" is distinct from "ps aux".  The POSIX and UNIX
       standards require that "ps -aux" print all processes owned by a user
       named "x", as well as printing all processes that would be selected
       by the -a option.  If the user named "x" does not exist, this ps may
       interpret the command as "ps aux" instead and print a warning.  This
       behavior is intended to aid in transitioning old scripts and habits.
       It is fragile, subject to change, and thus should not be relied upon.
       By default, ps selects all processes with the same effective user ID
       (euid=EUID) as the current user and associated with the same terminal
       as the invoker.  It displays the process ID (pid=PID), the terminal
       associated with the process (tname=TTY), the cumulated CPU time in
       [DD-]hh:mm:ss format (time=TIME), and the executable name (ucmd=CMD).
       Output is unsorted by default.
       The use of BSD-style options will add process state (stat=STAT) to
       the default display and show the command args (args=COMMAND) instead
       of the executable name.  You can override this with the PS_FORMAT
       environment variable. The use of BSD-style options will also change
       the process selection to include processes on other terminals (TTYs)
       that are owned by you; alternately, this may be described as setting
       the selection to be the set of all processes filtered to exclude
       processes owned by other users or not on a terminal.  These effects
       are not considered when options are described as being "identical"
       below, so -M will be considered identical to Z and so on.
       Except as described below, process selection options are additive.
       The default selection is discarded, and then the selected processes
       are added to the set of processes to be displayed.  A process will
       thus be shown if it meets any of the given selection criteria.
