
       The pselect() function shall examine the file descriptor sets whose
       addresses are passed in the readfds, writefds, and errorfds
       parameters to see whether some of their descriptors are ready for
       reading, are ready for writing, or have an exceptional condition
       pending, respectively.
       The select() function shall be equivalent to the pselect() function,
       except as follows:
        *  For the select() function, the timeout period is given in seconds
           and microseconds in an argument of type struct timeval, whereas
           for the pselect() function the timeout period is given in seconds
           and nanoseconds in an argument of type struct timespec.
        *  The select() function has no sigmask argument; it shall behave as
           pselect() does when sigmask is a null pointer.
        *  Upon successful completion, the select() function may modify the
           object pointed to by the timeout argument.
       The pselect() and select() functions shall support regular files,
       terminal and pseudo-terminal devices, STREAMS-based files, FIFOs,
       pipes, and sockets. The behavior of pselect() and select() on file
       descriptors that refer to other types of file is unspecified.
       The nfds argument specifies the range of descriptors to be tested.
       The first nfds descriptors shall be checked in each set; that is, the
       descriptors from zero through nfds−1 in the descriptor sets shall be
       examined.
       If the readfds argument is not a null pointer, it points to an object
       of type fd_set that on input specifies the file descriptors to be
       checked for being ready to read, and on output indicates which file
       descriptors are ready to read.
       If the writefds argument is not a null pointer, it points to an
       object of type fd_set that on input specifies the file descriptors to
       be checked for being ready to write, and on output indicates which
       file descriptors are ready to write.
       If the errorfds argument is not a null pointer, it points to an
       object of type fd_set that on input specifies the file descriptors to
       be checked for error conditions pending, and on output indicates
       which file descriptors have error conditions pending.
       Upon successful completion, the pselect() or select() function shall
       modify the objects pointed to by the readfds, writefds, and errorfds
       arguments to indicate which file descriptors are ready for reading,
       ready for writing, or have an error condition pending, respectively,
       and shall return the total number of ready descriptors in all the
       output sets. For each file descriptor less than nfds, the
       corresponding bit shall be set upon successful completion if it was
       set on input and the associated condition is true for that file
       descriptor.
       If none of the selected descriptors are ready for the requested
       operation, the pselect() or select() function shall block until at
       least one of the requested operations becomes ready, until the
       timeout occurs, or until interrupted by a signal.  The timeout
       parameter controls how long the pselect() or select() function shall
       take before timing out. If the timeout parameter is not a null
       pointer, it specifies a maximum interval to wait for the selection to
       complete. If the specified time interval expires without any
       requested operation becoming ready, the function shall return. If the
       timeout parameter is a null pointer, then the call to pselect() or
       select() shall block indefinitely until at least one descriptor meets
       the specified criteria. To effect a poll, the timeout parameter
       should not be a null pointer, and should point to a zero-valued
       timespec structure.
       The use of a timeout does not affect any pending timers set up by
       alarm() or setitimer().
       Implementations may place limitations on the maximum timeout interval
       supported. All implementations shall support a maximum timeout
       interval of at least 31 days. If the timeout argument specifies a
       timeout interval greater than the implementation-defined maximum
       value, the maximum value shall be used as the actual timeout value.
       Implementations may also place limitations on the granularity of
       timeout intervals. If the requested timeout interval requires a finer
       granularity than the implementation supports, the actual timeout
       interval shall be rounded up to the next supported value.
       If sigmask is not a null pointer, then the pselect() function shall
       replace the signal mask of the caller by the set of signals pointed
       to by sigmask before examining the descriptors, and shall restore the
       signal mask of the calling thread before returning.
       A descriptor shall be considered ready for reading when a call to an
       input function with O_NONBLOCK clear would not block, whether or not
       the function would transfer data successfully. (The function might
       return data, an end-of-file indication, or an error other than one
       indicating that it is blocked, and in each of these cases the
       descriptor shall be considered ready for reading.)
       A descriptor shall be considered ready for writing when a call to an
       output function with O_NONBLOCK clear would not block, whether or not
       the function would transfer data successfully.
       If a socket has a pending error, it shall be considered to have an
       exceptional condition pending. Otherwise, what constitutes an
       exceptional condition is file type-specific. For a file descriptor
       for use with a socket, it is protocol-specific except as noted below.
       For other file types it is implementation-defined. If the operation
       is meaningless for a particular file type, pselect() or select()
       shall indicate that the descriptor is ready for read or write
       operations, and shall indicate that the descriptor has no exceptional
       condition pending.
       If a descriptor refers to a socket, the implied input function is the
       recvmsg() function with parameters requesting normal and ancillary
       data, such that the presence of either type shall cause the socket to
       be marked as readable. The presence of out-of-band data shall be
       checked if the socket option SO_OOBINLINE has been enabled, as out-
       of-band data is enqueued with normal data. If the socket is currently
       listening, then it shall be marked as readable if an incoming
       connection request has been received, and a call to the accept()
       function shall complete without blocking.
       If a descriptor refers to a socket, the implied output function is
       the sendmsg() function supplying an amount of normal data equal to
       the current value of the SO_SNDLOWAT option for the socket. If a non-
       blocking call to the connect() function has been made for a socket,
       and the connection attempt has either succeeded or failed leaving a
       pending error, the socket shall be marked as writable.
       A socket shall be considered to have an exceptional condition pending
       if a receive operation with O_NONBLOCK clear for the open file
       description and with the MSG_OOB flag set would return out-of-band
       data without blocking. (It is protocol-specific whether the MSG_OOB
       flag would be used to read out-of-band data.) A socket shall also be
       considered to have an exceptional condition pending if an out-of-band
       data mark is present in the receive queue. Other circumstances under
       which a socket may be considered to have an exceptional condition
       pending are protocol-specific and implementation-defined.
       If the readfds, writefds, and errorfds arguments are all null
       pointers and the timeout argument is not a null pointer, the
       pselect() or select() function shall block for the time specified, or
       until interrupted by a signal. If the readfds, writefds, and errorfds
       arguments are all null pointers and the timeout argument is a null
       pointer, the pselect() or select() function shall block until
       interrupted by a signal.
       File descriptors associated with regular files shall always select
       true for ready to read, ready to write, and error conditions.
       On failure, the objects pointed to by the readfds, writefds, and
       errorfds arguments shall not be modified. If the timeout interval
       expires without the specified condition being true for any of the
       specified file descriptors, the objects pointed to by the readfds,
       writefds, and errorfds arguments shall have all bits set to 0.
       File descriptor masks of type fd_set can be initialized and tested
       with FD_CLR(), FD_ISSET(), FD_SET(), and FD_ZERO().  It is
       unspecified whether each of these is a macro or a function. If a
       macro definition is suppressed in order to access an actual function,
       or a program defines an external identifier with any of these names,
       the behavior is undefined.
       FD_CLR(fd, fdsetp) shall remove the file descriptor fd from the set
       pointed to by fdsetp.  If fd is not a member of this set, there shall
       be no effect on the set, nor will an error be returned.
       FD_ISSET(fd, fdsetp) shall evaluate to non-zero if the file
       descriptor fd is a member of the set pointed to by fdsetp, and shall
       evaluate to zero otherwise.
       FD_SET(fd, fdsetp) shall add the file descriptor fd to the set
       pointed to by fdsetp.  If the file descriptor fd is already in this
       set, there shall be no effect on the set, nor will an error be
       returned.
       FD_ZERO(fdsetp) shall initialize the descriptor set pointed to by
       fdsetp to the null set. No error is returned if the set is not empty
       at the time FD_ZERO() is invoked.
       The behavior of these macros is undefined if the fd argument is less
       than 0 or greater than or equal to FD_SETSIZE, or if fd is not a
       valid file descriptor, or if any of the arguments are expressions
       with side-effects.
       If a thread gets canceled during a pselect() call, the signal mask in
       effect when executing the registered cleanup functions is either the
       original signal mask or the signal mask installed as part of the
       pselect() call.
