
       The pthread_cancel() function sends a cancellation request to the
       thread thread.  Whether and when the target thread reacts to the
       cancellation request depends on two attributes that are under the
       control of that thread: its cancelability state and type.
       A thread's cancelability state, determined by
       pthread_setcancelstate(3), can be enabled (the default for new
       threads) or disabled.  If a thread has disabled cancellation, then a
       cancellation request remains queued until the thread enables
       cancellation.  If a thread has enabled cancellation, then its
       cancelability type determines when cancellation occurs.
       A thread's cancellation type, determined by pthread_setcanceltype(3),
       may be either asynchronous or deferred (the default for new threads).
       Asynchronous cancelability means that the thread can be canceled at
       any time (usually immediately, but the system does not guarantee
       this).  Deferred cancelability means that cancellation will be
       delayed until the thread next calls a function that is a cancellation
       point.  A list of functions that are or may be cancellation points is
       provided in pthreads(7).
       When a cancellation requested is acted on, the following steps occur
       for thread (in this order):
       1. Cancellation clean-up handlers are popped (in the reverse of the
          order in which they were pushed) and called.  (See
          pthread_cleanup_push(3).)
       2. Thread-specific data destructors are called, in an unspecified
          order.  (See pthread_key_create(3).)
       3. The thread is terminated.  (See pthread_exit(3).)
       The above steps happen asynchronously with respect to the
       pthread_cancel() call; the return status of pthread_cancel() merely
       informs the caller whether the cancellation request was successfully
       queued.
       After a canceled thread has terminated, a join with that thread using
       pthread_join(3) obtains PTHREAD_CANCELED as the thread's exit status.
       (Joining with a thread is the only way to know that cancellation has
       completed.)
