
       The putmsg() function shall create a message from a process buffer(s)
       and send the message to a STREAMS file. The message may contain
       either a data part, a control part, or both. The data and control
       parts are distinguished by placement in separate buffers, as
       described below. The semantics of each part are defined by the
       STREAMS module that receives the message.
       The putpmsg() function is equivalent to putmsg(), except that the
       process can send messages in different priority bands.  Except where
       noted, all requirements on putmsg() also pertain to putpmsg().
       The fildes argument specifies a file descriptor referencing an open
       STREAM. The ctlptr and dataptr arguments each point to a strbuf
       structure.
       The ctlptr argument points to the structure describing the control
       part, if any, to be included in the message. The buf member in the
       strbuf structure points to the buffer where the control information
       resides, and the len member indicates the number of bytes to be sent.
       The maxlen member is not used by putmsg().  In a similar manner, the
       argument dataptr specifies the data, if any, to be included in the
       message. The flags argument indicates what type of message should be
       sent and is described further below.
       To send the data part of a message, the application shall ensure that
       dataptr is not a null pointer and the len member of dataptr is 0 or
       greater. To send the control part of a message, the application shall
       ensure that the corresponding values are set for ctlptr.  No data
       (control) part shall be sent if either dataptr(ctlptr) is a null
       pointer or the len member of dataptr(ctlptr) is set to −1.
       For putmsg(), if a control part is specified and flags is set to
       RS_HIPRI, a high priority message shall be sent. If no control part
       is specified, and flags is set to RS_HIPRI, putmsg() shall fail and
       set errno to [EINVAL].  If flags is set to 0, a normal message
       (priority band equal to 0) shall be sent.  If a control part and data
       part are not specified and flags is set to 0, no message shall be
       sent and 0 shall be returned.
       For putpmsg(), the flags are different. The flags argument is a
       bitmask with the following mutually-exclusive flags defined:
       MSG_HIPRI and MSG_BAND. If flags is set to 0, putpmsg() shall fail
       and set errno to [EINVAL].  If a control part is specified and flags
       is set to MSG_HIPRI and band is set to 0, a high-priority message
       shall be sent. If flags is set to MSG_HIPRI and either no control
       part is specified or band is set to a non-zero value, putpmsg() shall
       fail and set errno to [EINVAL].  If flags is set to MSG_BAND, then a
       message shall be sent in the priority band specified by band.  If a
       control part and data part are not specified and flags is set to
       MSG_BAND, no message shall be sent and 0 shall be returned.
       The putmsg() function shall block if the STREAM write queue is full
       due to internal flow control conditions, with the following
       exceptions:
        *  For high-priority messages, putmsg() shall not block on this
           condition and continues processing the message.
        *  For other messages, putmsg() shall not block but shall fail when
           the write queue is full and O_NONBLOCK is set.
       The putmsg() function shall also block, unless prevented by lack of
       internal resources, while waiting for the availability of message
       blocks in the STREAM, regardless of priority or whether O_NONBLOCK
       has been specified. No partial message shall be sent.
