
       To select a set of batch jobs is to return the batch job_identifiers
       for each batch job that meets a list of selection criteria. A set of
       batch jobs is selected by a request to a batch server. The qselect
       utility is a user-accessible batch client that requests the selection
       of batch jobs.
       Upon successful completion, the qselect utility shall have returned a
       list of zero or more batch job_identifiers that meet the criteria
       specified by the options and option-arguments presented to the
       utility.
       The qselect utility shall select batch jobs by sending a Select Jobs
       Request to a batch server. The qselect utility shall not exit until
       the server replies to each request generated.
       For each option presented to the qselect utility, the utility shall
       restrict the set of selected batch jobs as described in the OPTIONS
       section.
       The qselect utility shall not restrict selection of batch jobs except
       by authorization and as required by the options presented to the
       utility.
       When an option is specified with a mandatory or optional op component
       to the option-argument, then op shall specify a relation between the
       value of a certain batch job attribute and the value component of the
       option-argument. If an op is allowable on an option, then the
       description of the option letter indicates the op as either mandatory
       or optional. Acceptable strings for the op component, and the
       relation the string indicates, are shown in the following list:
       .eq.    The value represented by the attribute of the batch job is
               equal to the value represented by the option-argument.
       .ge.    The value represented by the attribute of the batch job is
               greater than or equal to the value represented by the option-
               argument.
       .gt.    The value represented by the attribute of the batch job is
               greater than the value represented by the option-argument.
       .lt.    The value represented by the attribute of the batch job is
               less than the value represented by the option-argument.
       .le.    The value represented by the attribute of the batch job is
               less than or equal to the value represented by the option-
               argument.
       .ne.    The value represented by the attribute of the batch job is
               not equal to the value represented by the option-argument.
