
       Note: This system call is present only in kernels before Linux 2.6.
       query_module() requests information from the kernel about loadable
       modules.  The returned information is placed in the buffer pointed to
       by buf.  The caller must specify the size of buf in bufsize.  The
       precise nature and format of the returned information depend on the
       operation specified by which.  Some operations require name to
       identify a currently loaded module, some allow name to be NULL,
       indicating the kernel proper.
       The following values can be specified for which:
       0      Returns success, if the kernel supports query_module().  Used
              to probe for availability of the system call.
       QM_MODULES
              Returns the names of all loaded modules.  The returned buffer
              consists of a sequence of null-terminated strings; ret is set
              to the number of modules.
       QM_DEPS
              Returns the names of all modules used by the indicated module.
              The returned buffer consists of a sequence of null-terminated
              strings; ret is set to the number of modules.
       QM_REFS
              Returns the names of all modules using the indicated module.
              This is the inverse of QM_DEPS.  The returned buffer consists
              of a sequence of null-terminated strings; ret is set to the
              number of modules.
       QM_SYMBOLS
              Returns the symbols and values exported by the kernel or the
              indicated module.  The returned buffer is an array of
              structures of the following form
                  struct module_symbol {
                      unsigned long value;
                      unsigned long name;
                  };
              followed by null-terminated strings.  The value of name is the
              character offset of the string relative to the start of buf;
              ret is set to the number of symbols.
       QM_INFO
              Returns miscellaneous information about the indicated module.
              The output buffer format is:
                  struct module_info {
                      unsigned long address;
                      unsigned long size;
                      unsigned long flags;
                  };
              where address is the kernel address at which the module
              resides, size is the size of the module in bytes, and flags is
              a mask of MOD_RUNNING, MOD_AUTOCLEAN, and so on, that indi‐
              cates the current status of the module (see the Linux kernel
              source file include/linux/module.h).  ret is set to the size
              of the module_info structure.
