
       Quilt is a tool to manage large sets of patches by keeping track of
       the changes each patch makes. Patches can be applied, un-applied,
       refreshed, etc. The key philosophical concept is that your primary
       output is patches.
       With quilt, all work occurs within a single directory tree. Commands
       can be invoked from anywhere within the source tree. They are of the
       form quilt cmd similar to CVS, svn or git commands. They can be
       abbreviated as long as the specified part of the command is unique.
       All commands print some help text with quilt cmd -h.
       Quilt manages a stack of patches. Patches are applied incrementally
       on top of the base tree plus all preceding patches. They can be
       pushed on top of the stack (quilt push), and popped off the stack
       (quilt pop).  Commands are available for querying the contents of the
       series file (quilt series, see below), the contents of the stack
       (quilt applied, quilt previous, quilt top), and the patches that are
       not applied at a particular moment (quilt next, quilt unapplied).  By
       default, most commands apply to the topmost patch on the stack.
       Patch files are located in the patches sub-directory of the source
       tree (see EXAMPLE OF WORKING TREE below). The QUILT_PATCHES
       environment variable can be used to override this location. When not
       found in the current directory, that subdirectory is searched
       recursively in the parent directories (this is similar to the way git
       searches for its configuration files). The patches directory may
       contain sub-directories. It may also be a symbolic link instead of a
       directory.
       A file called series contains a list of patch file names that defines
       the order in which patches are applied. Unless there are means by
       which series files can be generated automatically, it is usually
       provided along with a set of patches. In this file, each patch file
       name is on a separate line. Patch files are identified by path names
       that are relative to the patches directory; patches may be in sub-
       directories below this directory. Lines in the series file that start
       with a hash character (#) are ignored.  You can also add a comment
       after each patch file name, introduced by a space  followed by a hash
       character. When quilt adds, removes, or renames patches, it
       automatically updates the series file. Users of quilt can modify
       series files while some patches are applied, as long as the applied
       patches remain in their original order.
       Different series files can be used to assemble patches in different
       ways, corresponding for example to different development branches.
       Before a patch is applied (or ``pushed on the stack''), copies of all
       files the patch modifies are saved to the .pc/patch directory. The
       patch is added to the list of currently applied patches (.pc/applied-
       patches). Later when a patch is regenerated (quilt refresh), the
       backup copies in .pc/patch are compared with the current versions of
       the files in the source tree using GNU diff.
       Documentation related to a patch can be put at the beginning of a
       patch file.  Quilt is careful to preserve all text that precedes the
       actual patch when doing a refresh. (This is limited to patches in
       unified format; see diff documentation).
       The series file is looked up in the .pc directory, in the root of the
       source tree, and in the patches directory.  The first series file
       that is found is used. This may also be a symbolic link, or a file
       with multiple hard links.  Usually, only one series file is used for
       a set of patches, so the patches sub-directory is a convenient
       location.
       The .pc directory and its sub-directories cannot be relocated, but it
       can be a symbolic link. While patches are applied to the source tree,
       this directory is essential for many operations, including taking
       patches off the stack (quilt pop), and refreshing patches (quilt
       refresh).  Files in the .pc directory are automatically removed when
       they are no longer needed, so there is no need to clean up manually.
