
       quotacheck examines each filesystem, builds a table of current disk
       usage, and compares this table against that recorded in the disk
       quota file for the filesystem (this step is omitted if option -c is
       specified). If any inconsistencies are detected, both the quota file
       and the current system copy of the incorrect quotas are updated (the
       latter only occurs if an active filesystem is checked which is not
       advised).  By default, only user quotas are checked.  quotacheck
       expects each filesystem to be checked to have quota files named
       [a]quota.user and [a]quota.group located at the root of the
       associated filesystem.  If a file is not present, quotacheck will
       create it.
       If the quota file is corrupted, quotacheck tries to save as much data
       as possible.  Rescuing data may need user intervention. With no
       additional options quotacheck will simply exit in such a situation.
       When in interactive mode (option -i) , the user is asked for advice.
       Advice can also be provided from command line (see option -n) , which
       is useful when quotacheck is run automatically (ie. from script) and
       failure is unacceptable.
       quotacheck should be run each time the system boots and mounts non-
       valid filesystems.  This is most likely to happen after a system
       crash.
       It is strongly recommended to run quotacheck with quotas turned off
       for the filesystem. Otherwise, possible damage or loss to data in the
       quota files can result.  It is also unwise to run quotacheck on a
       live filesystem as actual usage may change during the scan.  To
       prevent this, quotacheck tries to remount the filesystem read-only
       before starting the scan.  After the scan is done it remounts the
       filesystem read-write. You can disable this with option -m.  You can
       also make quotacheck ignore the failure to remount the filesystem
       read-only with option -M.
