
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The realloc() function shall deallocate the old object pointed to by
       ptr and return a pointer to a new object that has the size specified
       by size.  The contents of the new object shall be the same as that of
       the old object prior to deallocation, up to the lesser of the new and
       old sizes. Any bytes in the new object beyond the size of the old
       object have indeterminate values. If the size of the space requested
       is zero, the behavior shall be implementation-defined: either a null
       pointer is returned, or the behavior shall be as if the size were
       some non-zero value, except that the returned pointer shall not be
       used to access an object. If the space cannot be allocated, the
       object shall remain unchanged.
       If ptr is a null pointer, realloc() shall be equivalent to malloc()
       for the specified size.
       If ptr does not match a pointer returned earlier by calloc(),
       malloc(), or realloc() or if the space has previously been
       deallocated by a call to free() or realloc(), the behavior is
       undefined.
       The order and contiguity of storage allocated by successive calls to
       realloc() is unspecified. The pointer returned if the allocation
       succeeds shall be suitably aligned so that it may be assigned to a
       pointer to any type of object and then used to access such an object
       in the space allocated (until the space is explicitly freed or
       reallocated). Each such allocation shall yield a pointer to an object
       disjoint from any other object. The pointer returned shall point to
       the start (lowest byte address) of the allocated space. If the space
       cannot be allocated, a null pointer shall be returned.
