
       The recv() function shall receive a message from a connection-mode or
       connectionless-mode socket. It is normally used with connected
       sockets because it does not permit the application to retrieve the
       source address of received data.
       The recv() function takes the following arguments:
       socket    Specifies the socket file descriptor.
       buffer    Points to a buffer where the message should be stored.
       length    Specifies the length in bytes of the buffer pointed to by
                 the buffer argument.
       flags     Specifies the type of message reception. Values of this
                 argument are formed by logically OR'ing zero or more of the
                 following values:
                 MSG_PEEK    Peeks at an incoming message. The data is
                             treated as unread and the next recv() or
                             similar function shall still return this data.
                 MSG_OOB     Requests out-of-band data. The significance and
                             semantics of out-of-band data are protocol-
                             specific.
                 MSG_WAITALL On SOCK_STREAM sockets this requests that the
                             function block until the full amount of data
                             can be returned. The function may return the
                             smaller amount of data if the socket is a
                             message-based socket, if a signal is caught, if
                             the connection is terminated, if MSG_PEEK was
                             specified, or if an error is pending for the
                             socket.
       The recv() function shall return the length of the message written to
       the buffer pointed to by the buffer argument. For message-based
       sockets, such as SOCK_DGRAM and SOCK_SEQPACKET, the entire message
       shall be read in a single operation.  If a message is too long to fit
       in the supplied buffer, and MSG_PEEK is not set in the flags
       argument, the excess bytes shall be discarded. For stream-based
       sockets, such as SOCK_STREAM, message boundaries shall be ignored. In
       this case, data shall be returned to the user as soon as it becomes
       available, and no data shall be discarded.
       If the MSG_WAITALL flag is not set, data shall be returned only up to
       the end of the first message.
       If no messages are available at the socket and O_NONBLOCK is not set
       on the socket's file descriptor, recv() shall block until a message
       arrives. If no messages are available at the socket and O_NONBLOCK is
       set on the socket's file descriptor, recv() shall fail and set errno
       to [EAGAIN] or [EWOULDBLOCK].
