
   refresh/wrefresh
       The refresh and wrefresh routines (or wnoutrefresh and doupdate) must
       be called to get actual output to the terminal, as other routines
       merely manipulate data structures.  The routine wrefresh copies the
       named window to the physical terminal screen, taking into account
       what is already there to do optimizations.  The refresh routine is
       the same, using stdscr as the default window.  Unless leaveok has
       been enabled, the physical cursor of the terminal is left at the
       location of the cursor for that window.
   wnoutrefresh/doupdate
       The wnoutrefresh and doupdate routines allow multiple updates with
       more efficiency than wrefresh alone.  In addition to all the window
       structures, curses keeps two data structures representing the
       terminal screen: a physical screen, describing what is actually on
       the screen, and a virtual screen, describing what the programmer
       wants to have on the screen.
       The routine wrefresh works by first calling wnoutrefresh, which
       copies the named window to the virtual screen, and then calling
       doupdate, which compares the virtual screen to the physical screen
       and does the actual update.  If the programmer wishes to output
       several windows at once, a series of calls to wrefresh results in
       alternating calls to wnoutrefresh and doupdate, causing several
       bursts of output to the screen.  By first calling wnoutrefresh for
       each window, it is then possible to call doupdate once, resulting in
       only one burst of output, with fewer total characters transmitted and
       less CPU time used.  If the win argument to wrefresh is the global
       variable curscr, the screen is immediately cleared and repainted from
       scratch.
       The phrase "copies the named window to the virtual screen" above is
       ambiguous.  What actually happens is that all touched (changed) lines
       in the window are copied to the virtual screen.  This affects
       programs that use overlapping windows; it means that if two windows
       overlap, you can refresh them in either order and the overlap region
       will be modified only when it is explicitly changed.  (But see the
       section on PORTABILITY below for a warning about exploiting this
       behavior.)
   wredrawln/redrawwin
       The wredrawln routine indicates to curses that some screen lines are
       corrupted and should be thrown away before anything is written over
       them.  It touches the indicated lines (marking them changed).  The
       routine redrawwin touches the entire window.
