
       This file documents the GNU version of refer, which is part of the
       groff document formatting system.  refer copies the contents of
       filename... to the standard output, except that lines between .[ and
       .] are interpreted as citations, and lines between .R1 and .R2 are
       interpreted as commands about how citations are to be processed.
       Each citation specifies a reference.  The citation can specify a
       reference that is contained in a bibliographic database by giving a
       set of keywords that only that reference contains.  Alternatively it
       can specify a reference by supplying a database record in the
       citation.  A combination of these alternatives is also possible.
       For each citation, refer can produce a mark in the text.  This mark
       consists of some label which can be separated from the text and from
       other labels in various ways.  For each reference it also outputs
       groff commands that can be used by a macro package to produce a
       formatted reference for each citation.  The output of refer must
       therefore be processed using a suitable macro package.  The -ms and
       -me macros are both suitable.  The commands to format a citation's
       reference can be output immediately after the citation, or the
       references may be accumulated, and the commands output at some later
       point.  If the references are accumulated, then multiple citations of
       the same reference will produce a single formatted reference.
       The interpretation of lines between .R1 and .R2 as commands is a new
       feature of GNU refer.  Documents making use of this feature can still
       be processed by Unix refer just by adding the lines
              .de R1
              .ig R2
              ..
       to the beginning of the document.  This will cause troff to ignore
       everything between .R1 and .R2.  The effect of some commands can also
       be achieved by options.  These options are supported mainly for
       compatibility with Unix refer.  It is usually more convenient to use
       commands.
       refer generates .lf lines so that filenames and line numbers in
       messages produced by commands that read refer output will be correct;
       it also interprets lines beginning with .lf so that filenames and
       line numbers in the messages and .lf lines that it produces will be
       accurate even if the input has been preprocessed by a command such as
       soelim(1).
