
       For rename(): The functionality described on this reference page is
       aligned with the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the
       requirements described here and the ISO C standard is unintentional.
       This volume of POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The rename() function shall change the name of a file. The old
       argument points to the pathname of the file to be renamed. The new
       argument points to the new pathname of the file.  If the new argument
       does not resolve to an existing directory entry for a file of type
       directory and the new argument contains at least one non-<slash>
       character and ends with one or more trailing <slash> characters after
       all symbolic links have been processed, rename() shall fail.
       If either the old or new argument names a symbolic link, rename()
       shall operate on the symbolic link itself, and shall not resolve the
       last component of the argument. If the old argument and the new
       argument resolve to either the same existing directory entry or
       different directory entries for the same existing file, rename()
       shall return successfully and perform no other action.
       If the old argument points to the pathname of a file that is not a
       directory, the new argument shall not point to the pathname of a
       directory. If the link named by the new argument exists, it shall be
       removed and old renamed to new.  In this case, a link named new shall
       remain visible to other processes throughout the renaming operation
       and refer either to the file referred to by new or old before the
       operation began. Write access permission is required for both the
       directory containing old and the directory containing new.
       If the old argument points to the pathname of a directory, the new
       argument shall not point to the pathname of a file that is not a
       directory. If the directory named by the new argument exists, it
       shall be removed and old renamed to new.  In this case, a link named
       new shall exist throughout the renaming operation and shall refer
       either to the directory referred to by new or old before the
       operation began. If new names an existing directory, it shall be
       required to be an empty directory.
       If either pathname argument refers to a path whose final component is
       either dot or dot-dot, rename() shall fail.
       If the old argument points to a pathname of a symbolic link, the
       symbolic link shall be renamed. If the new argument points to a
       pathname of a symbolic link, the symbolic link shall be removed.
       The old pathname shall not name an ancestor directory of the new
       pathname. Write access permission is required for the directory
       containing old and the directory containing new.  If the old argument
       points to the pathname of a directory, write access permission may be
       required for the directory named by old, and, if it exists, the
       directory named by new.
       If the link named by the new argument exists and the file's link
       count becomes 0 when it is removed and no process has the file open,
       the space occupied by the file shall be freed and the file shall no
       longer be accessible. If one or more processes have the file open
       when the last link is removed, the link shall be removed before
       rename() returns, but the removal of the file contents shall be
       postponed until all references to the file are closed.
       Upon successful completion, rename() shall mark for update the last
       data modification and last file status change timestamps of the
       parent directory of each file.
       If the rename() function fails for any reason other than [EIO], any
       file named by new shall be unaffected.
       The renameat() function shall be equivalent to the rename() function
       except in the case where either old or new specifies a relative path.
       If old is a relative path, the file to be renamed is located relative
       to the directory associated with the file descriptor oldfd instead of
       the current working directory. If new is a relative path, the same
       happens only relative to the directory associated with newfd.  If the
       file descriptor was opened without O_SEARCH, the function shall check
       whether directory searches are permitted using the current
       permissions of the directory underlying the file descriptor. If the
       file descriptor was opened with O_SEARCH, the function shall not
       perform the check.
       If renameat() is passed the special value AT_FDCWD in the oldfd or
       newfd parameter, the current working directory shall be used in the
       determination of the file for the respective path parameter.
