
       The rt_sigqueueinfo() and rt_tgsigqueueinfo() system calls are the
       low-level interfaces used to send a signal plus data to a process or
       thread.  The receiver of the signal can obtain the accompanying data
       by establishing a signal handler with the sigaction(2) SA_SIGINFO
       flag.
       These system calls are not intended for direct application use; they
       are provided to allow the implementation of sigqueue(3) and
       pthread_sigqueue(3).
       The rt_sigqueueinfo() system call sends the signal sig to the thread
       group with the ID tgid.  (The term "thread group" is synonymous with
       "process", and tid corresponds to the traditional UNIX process ID.)
       The signal will be delivered to an arbitrary member of the thread
       group (i.e., one of the threads that is not currently blocking the
       signal).
       The uinfo argument specifies the data to accompany the signal.  This
       argument is a pointer to a structure of type siginfo_t, described in
       sigaction(2) (and defined by including <sigaction.h>).  The caller
       should set the following fields in this structure:
       si_code
              This must be one of the SI_* codes in the Linux kernel source
              file include/asm-generic/siginfo.h, with the restriction that
              the code must be negative (i.e., cannot be SI_USER, which is
              used by the kernel to indicate a signal sent by kill(2)) and
              cannot (since Linux 2.6.39) be SI_TKILL (which is used by the
              kernel to indicate a signal sent using tgkill(2)).
       si_pid This should be set to a process ID, typically the process ID
              of the sender.
       si_uid This should be set to a user ID, typically the real user ID of
              the sender.
       si_value
              This field contains the user data to accompany the signal.
              For more information, see the description of the last (union
              sigval) argument of sigqueue(3).
       Internally, the kernel sets the si_signo field to the value specified
       in sig, so that the receiver of the signal can also obtain the signal
       number via that field.
       The rt_tgsigqueueinfo() system call is like rt_sigqueueinfo(), but
       sends the signal and data to the single thread specified by the
       combination of tgid, a thread group ID, and tid, a thread in that
       thread group.
