
       The sadf command is used for displaying the contents of data files
       created by the sar(1) command. But unlike sar, sadf can write its
       data in many different formats (CSV, XML, etc.)  The default format
       is one that can easily be handled by pattern processing commands like
       awk (see option -p).  The sadf command can also be used to draw
       graphs for the various activities collected by sar and display them
       as SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) graphics in your web browser (see
       option -g).
       The sadf command extracts and writes to standard output records saved
       in the datafile file. This file must have been created by a version
       of sar which is compatible with that of sadf.  If datafile is
       omitted, sadf uses the standard system activity daily data file.  It
       is also possible to enter -1, -2 etc. as an argument to sadf to
       display data of that days ago.  For example, -1 will point at the
       standard system activity file of yesterday.
       The standard system activity daily data file is named saDD or
       saYYYYMMDD, where YYYY stands for the current year, MM for the
       current month and DD for the current day.  sadf will look for the
       most recent of saDD and saYYYYMMDD, and use it. By default it is
       located in the /var/log/sa directory. Yet it is possible to specify
       an alternate location for it: If datafile is a directory (instead of
       a plain file) then it will be considered as the directory where the
       standard system activity daily data file is located.
       The interval and count parameters are used to tell sadf to select
       count records at interval seconds apart. If the count parameter is
       not set, then all the records saved in the data file will be
       displayed.
       All the activity flags of sar may be entered on the command line to
       indicate which activities are to be reported. Before specifying them,
       put a pair of dashes (--) on the command line in order not to confuse
       the flags with those of sadf.  Not specifying any flags selects only
       CPU activity.
