
       The sar command writes to standard output the contents of selected
       cumulative activity counters in the operating system. The accounting
       system, based on the values in the count and interval parameters,
       writes information the specified number of times spaced at the
       specified intervals in seconds.  If the interval parameter is set to
       zero, the sar command displays the average statistics for the time
       since the system was started. If the interval parameter is specified
       without the count parameter, then reports are generated continuously.
       The collected data can also be saved in the file specified by the -o
       filename flag, in addition to being displayed onto the screen. If
       filename is omitted, sar uses the standard system activity daily data
       file (see below).  By default all the data available from the kernel
       are saved in the data file.
       The sar command extracts and writes to standard output records
       previously saved in a file. This file can be either the one specified
       by the -f flag or, by default, the standard system activity daily
       data file.  It is also possible to enter -1, -2 etc. as an argument
       to sar to display data of that days ago. For example, -1 will point
       at the standard system activity file of yesterday.
       Standard system activity daily data files are named saDD or
       saYYYYMMDD, where YYYY stands for the current year, MM for the
       current month and DD for the current day. They are the default files
       used by sar only when no filename has been explicitly specified.
       When used to write data to files (with its option -o), sar will use
       saYYYYMMDD if option -D has also been specified, else it will use
       saDD.  When used to display the records previously saved in a file,
       sar will look for the most recent of saDD and saYYYYMMDD, and use it.
       Standard system activity daily data files are located in the
       /var/log/sa directory by default. Yet it is possible to specify an
       alternate location for them: If a directory (instead of a plain file)
       is used with options -f or -o then it will be considered as the
       directory containing the data files.
       Without the -P flag, the sar command reports system-wide (global
       among all processors) statistics, which are calculated as averages
       for values expressed as percentages, and as sums otherwise. If the -P
       flag is given, the sar command reports activity which relates to the
       specified processor or processors. If -P ALL is given, the sar
       command reports statistics for each individual processor and global
       statistics among all processors. Offline processors are not
       displayed.
       You can select information about specific system activities using
       flags. Not specifying any flags selects only CPU activity.
       Specifying the -A flag selects all possible activities.
       The default version of the sar command (CPU utilization report) might
       be one of the first facilities the user runs to begin system activity
       investigation, because it monitors major system resources. If CPU
       utilization is near 100 percent (user + nice + system), the workload
       sampled is CPU-bound.
       If multiple samples and multiple reports are desired, it is
       convenient to specify an output file for the sar command.  Run the
       sar command as a background process. The syntax for this is:
       sar -o datafile interval count >/dev/null 2>&1 &
       All data are captured in binary form and saved to a file (datafile).
       The data can then be selectively displayed with the sar command using
       the -f option. Set the interval and count parameters to select count
       records at interval second intervals. If the count parameter is not
       set, all the records saved in the file will be selected.  Collection
       of data in this manner is useful to characterize system usage over a
       period of time and determine peak usage hours.
       Note:     The sar command only reports on local activities.
