
       The curses library provides applications with the ability to write
       the contents of a window to an external file using scr_dump or
       putwin, and read it back using scr_restore or getwin.
       The putwin and getwin functions do the work; while scr_dump and
       scr_restore conveniently save and restore the whole screen, i.e.,
       stdscr.
   ncurses6
       A longstanding implementation of screen-dump was revised with
       ncurses6 to remedy problems with the earlier approach:
       ·   A “magic number” is written to the beginning of the dump file,
           allowing applications (such as file(1)) to recognize curses dump
           files.
           Because ncurses6 uses a new format, that requires a new magic
           number was unused by other applications.  This 16-bit number was
           unused:
               0x8888 (octal “\210\210”)
           but to be more certain, this 32-bit number was chosen:
               0x88888888 (octal “\210\210\210\210”)
           This is the pattern submitted to the maintainers of the file
           program:
               #
               # ncurses5 (and before) did not use a magic number,
               # making screen dumps "data".
               #
               # ncurses6 (2015) uses this format, ignoring byte-order
               0    string    \210\210\210\210ncurses    ncurses6 screen image
               #
       ·   The screen dumps are written in textual form, so that internal
           data sizes are not directly related to the dump-format, and
           enabling the library to read dumps from either narrow- or wide-
           character- configurations.
           The narrow library configuration holds characters and video
           attributes in a 32-bit chtype, while the wide-character library
           stores this information in the cchar_t structure, which is much
           larger than 32-bits.
       ·   It is possible to read a screen dump into a terminal with a
           different screen-size, because the library truncates or fills the
           screen as necessary.
       ·   The ncurses6 getwin reads the legacy screen dumps from ncurses5.
   ncurses5 (legacy)
       The screen-dump feature was added to ncurses in June 1995.  While
       there were fixes and improvements in succeeding years, the basic
       scheme was unchanged:
       ·   The WINDOW structure was written in binary form.
       ·   The WINDOW structure refers to lines of data, which were written
           as an array of binary data following the WINDOW.
       ·   When getwin restored the window, it would keep track of offsets
           into the array of line-data and adjust the WINDOW structure which
           was read back into memory.
       This is similar to Unix SystemV, but does not write a “magic number”
       to identify the file format.
