
       sd_event_set_watchdog() may be used to enable or disable automatic
       watchdog notification support in the event loop object specified in
       the event parameter. Specifically, depending on the b boolean
       argument this will make sure the event loop wakes up in regular
       intervals and sends watchdog notification messages to the service
       manager, if this was requested by the service manager. Watchdog
       support is determined with sd_watchdog_enabled(3), and watchdog
       messages are sent with sd_notify(3). See the WatchdogSec= setting in
       systemd.service(5) for details on how to enable watchdog support for
       a service and the protocol used. The wake-up interval is chosen as
       half the watchdog timeout declared by the service manager via the
       $WATCHDOG_USEC environment variable. If the service manager did not
       request watchdog notifications, or if the process was not invoked by
       the service manager this call with a true b parameter executes no
       operation. Passing a false b parameter will disable the automatic
       sending of watchdog notification messages if it was enabled before.
       Newly allocated event loop objects have this feature disabled.
       The first watchdog notification message is sent immediately when
       set_event_set_watchdog() is invoked with a true b parameter.
       The watchdog logic is designed to allow the service manager to
       automatically detect services that ceased processing of incoming
       events, and thus appear "hung". Watchdog notifications are sent out
       only at the beginning of each event loop iteration. If an event
       source dispatch function blocks for an excessively long time and does
       not return execution to the event loop quickly, this might hence
       cause the notification message to be delayed, and possibly result in
       abnormal program termination, as configured in the service unit file.
       sd_event_get_watchdog() may be used to determine whether watchdog
       support was previously requested by a call to sd_event_set_watchdog()
       with a true b parameter and successfully enabled.
