
       The semctl() function operates on XSI semaphores (see the Base
       Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008, Section 4.16, Semaphore).  It is
       unspecified whether this function interoperates with the realtime
       interprocess communication facilities defined in Section 2.8,
       Realtime.
       The semctl() function provides a variety of semaphore control
       operations as specified by cmd.  The fourth argument is optional and
       depends upon the operation requested. If required, it is of type
       union semun, which the application shall explicitly declare:
           union semun {
               int val;
               struct semid_ds *buf;
               unsigned short  *array;
           } arg;
       The following semaphore control operations as specified by cmd are
       executed with respect to the semaphore specified by semid and semnum.
       The level of permission required for each operation is shown with
       each command; see Section 2.7, XSI Interprocess Communication.  The
       symbolic names for the values of cmd are defined in the <sys/sem.h>
       header:
       GETVAL      Return the value of semval; see <sys/sem.h>.  Requires
                   read permission.
       SETVAL      Set the value of semval to arg.val, where arg is the
                   value of the fourth argument to semctl().  When this
                   command is successfully executed, the semadj value
                   corresponding to the specified semaphore in all processes
                   is cleared. Also, the sem_ctime timestamp shall be set to
                   the current time, as described in Section 2.7.1, IPC
                   General Description.  Requires alter permission; see
                   Section 2.7, XSI Interprocess Communication.
       GETPID      Return the value of sempid.  Requires read permission.
       GETNCNT     Return the value of semncnt.  Requires read permission.
       GETZCNT     Return the value of semzcnt.  Requires read permission.
       The following values of cmd operate on each semval in the set of
       semaphores:
       GETALL      Return the value of semval for each semaphore in the
                   semaphore set and place into the array pointed to by
                   arg.array, where arg is the fourth argument to semctl().
                   Requires read permission.
       SETALL      Set the value of semval for each semaphore in the
                   semaphore set according to the array pointed to by
                   arg.array, where arg is the fourth argument to semctl().
                   When this command is successfully executed, the semadj
                   values corresponding to each specified semaphore in all
                   processes are cleared. Also, the sem_ctime timestamp
                   shall be set to the current time, as described in Section
                   2.7.1, IPC General Description.  Requires alter
                   permission.
       The following values of cmd are also available:
       IPC_STAT    Place the current value of each member of the semid_ds
                   data structure associated with semid into the structure
                   pointed to by arg.buf, where arg is the fourth argument
                   to semctl().  The contents of this structure are defined
                   in <sys/sem.h>.  Requires read permission.
       IPC_SET     Set the value of the following members of the semid_ds
                   data structure associated with semid to the corresponding
                   value found in the structure pointed to by arg.buf, where
                   arg is the fourth argument to semctl():
                       sem_perm.uid
                       sem_perm.gid
                       sem_perm.mode
                   The mode bits specified in Section 2.7.1, IPC General
                   Description are copied into the corresponding bits of the
                   sem_perm.mode associated with semid.  The stored values
                   of any other bits are unspecified. The sem_ctime
                   timestamp shall be set to the current time, as described
                   in Section 2.7.1, IPC General Description.
                   This command can only be executed by a process that has
                   an effective user ID equal to either that of a process
                   with appropriate privileges or to the value of
                   sem_perm.cuid or sem_perm.uid in the semid_ds data
                   structure associated with semid.
       IPC_RMID    Remove the semaphore identifier specified by semid from
                   the system and destroy the set of semaphores and semid_ds
                   data structure associated with it. This command can only
                   be executed by a process that has an effective user ID
                   equal to either that of a process with appropriate
                   privileges or to the value of sem_perm.cuid or
                   sem_perm.uid in the semid_ds data structure associated
                   with semid.
