
       The semget() system call returns the System V semaphore set
       identifier associated with the argument key.  It may be used either
       to obtain the identifier of a previously created semaphore set (when
       semflg is zero and key does not have the value IPC_PRIVATE), or to
       create a new set.
       A new set of nsems semaphores is created if key has the value
       IPC_PRIVATE or if no existing semaphore set is associated with key
       and IPC_CREAT is specified in semflg.
       If semflg specifies both IPC_CREAT and IPC_EXCL and a semaphore set
       already exists for key, then semget() fails with errno set to EEXIST.
       (This is analogous to the effect of the combination O_CREAT | O_EXCL
       for open(2).)
       Upon creation, the least significant 9 bits of the argument semflg
       define the permissions (for owner, group and others) for the
       semaphore set.  These bits have the same format, and the same
       meaning, as the mode argument of open(2) (though the execute
       permissions are not meaningful for semaphores, and write permissions
       mean permission to alter semaphore values).
       When creating a new semaphore set, semget() initializes the set's
       associated data structure, semid_ds (see semctl(2)), as follows:
              sem_perm.cuid and sem_perm.uid are set to the effective user
              ID of the calling process.
              sem_perm.cgid and sem_perm.gid are set to the effective group
              ID of the calling process.
              The least significant 9 bits of sem_perm.mode are set to the
              least significant 9 bits of semflg.
              sem_nsems is set to the value of nsems.
              sem_otime is set to 0.
              sem_ctime is set to the current time.
       The argument nsems can be 0 (a don't care) when a semaphore set is
       not being created.  Otherwise, nsems must be greater than 0 and less
       than or equal to the maximum number of semaphores per semaphore set
       (SEMMSL).
       If the semaphore set already exists, the permissions are verified.
