
       The sendto() function shall send a message through a connection-mode
       or connectionless-mode socket.
       If the socket is a connectionless-mode socket, the message shall be
       sent to the address specified by dest_addr if no pre-specified peer
       address has been set. If a peer address has been pre-specified,
       either the message shall be sent to the address specified by
       dest_addr (overriding the pre-specified peer address), or the
       function shall return −1 and set errno to [EISCONN].
       If the socket is connection-mode, dest_addr shall be ignored.
       The sendto() function takes the following arguments:
       socket      Specifies the socket file descriptor.
       message     Points to a buffer containing the message to be sent.
       length      Specifies the size of the message in bytes.
       flags       Specifies the type of message transmission. Values of
                   this argument are formed by logically OR'ing zero or more
                   of the following flags:
                   MSG_EOR       Terminates a record (if supported by the
                                 protocol).
                   MSG_OOB       Sends out-of-band data on sockets that
                                 support out-of-band data. The significance
                                 and semantics of out-of-band data are
                                 protocol-specific.
                   MSG_NOSIGNAL  Requests not to send the SIGPIPE signal if
                                 an attempt to send is made on a stream-
                                 oriented socket that is no longer
                                 connected. The [EPIPE] error shall still be
                                 returned.
       dest_addr   Points to a sockaddr structure containing the destination
                   address. The length and format of the address depend on
                   the address family of the socket.
       dest_len    Specifies the length of the sockaddr structure pointed to
                   by the dest_addr argument.
       If the socket protocol supports broadcast and the specified address
       is a broadcast address for the socket protocol, sendto() shall fail
       if the SO_BROADCAST option is not set for the socket.
       The dest_addr argument specifies the address of the target.
       The length argument specifies the length of the message.
       Successful completion of a call to sendto() does not guarantee
       delivery of the message. A return value of −1 indicates only locally-
       detected errors.
       If space is not available at the sending socket to hold the message
       to be transmitted and the socket file descriptor does not have
       O_NONBLOCK set, sendto() shall block until space is available. If
       space is not available at the sending socket to hold the message to
       be transmitted and the socket file descriptor does have O_NONBLOCK
       set, sendto() shall fail.
       The socket in use may require the process to have appropriate
       privileges to use the sendto() function.
