
       The sendmsg() function shall send a message through a connection-mode
       or connectionless-mode socket. If the socket is a connectionless-mode
       socket, the message shall be sent to the address specified by msghdr
       if no pre-specified peer address has been set. If a peer address has
       been pre-specified, either the message shall be sent to the address
       specified in msghdr (overriding the pre-specified peer address), or
       the function shall return −1 and set errno to [EISCONN].  If the
       socket is connection-mode, the destination address in msghdr shall be
       ignored.
       The sendmsg() function takes the following arguments:
       socket      Specifies the socket file descriptor.
       message     Points to a msghdr structure, containing both the
                   destination address and the buffers for the outgoing
                   message. The length and format of the address depend on
                   the address family of the socket. The msg_flags member is
                   ignored.
       flags       Specifies the type of message transmission. The
                   application may specify 0 or the following flag:
                   MSG_EOR       Terminates a record (if supported by the
                                 protocol).
                   MSG_OOB       Sends out-of-band data on sockets that
                                 support out-of-bound data. The significance
                                 and semantics of out-of-band data are
                                 protocol-specific.
                   MSG_NOSIGNAL  Requests not to send the SIGPIPE signal if
                                 an attempt to send is made on a stream-
                                 oriented socket that is no longer
                                 connected. The [EPIPE] error shall still be
                                 returned.
       The msg_iov and msg_iovlen fields of message specify zero or more
       buffers containing the data to be sent.  msg_iov points to an array
       of iovec structures; msg_iovlen shall be set to the dimension of this
       array. In each iovec structure, the iov_base field specifies a
       storage area and the iov_len field gives its size in bytes. Some of
       these sizes can be zero. The data from each storage area indicated by
       msg_iov is sent in turn.
       Successful completion of a call to sendmsg() does not guarantee
       delivery of the message. A return value of −1 indicates only locally-
       detected errors.
       If space is not available at the sending socket to hold the message
       to be transmitted and the socket file descriptor does not have
       O_NONBLOCK set, the sendmsg() function shall block until space is
       available. If space is not available at the sending socket to hold
       the message to be transmitted and the socket file descriptor does
       have O_NONBLOCK set, the sendmsg() function shall fail.
       If the socket protocol supports broadcast and the specified address
       is a broadcast address for the socket protocol, sendmsg() shall fail
       if the SO_BROADCAST option is not set for the socket.
       The socket in use may require the process to have appropriate
       privileges to use the sendmsg() function.
