
       The send() function shall initiate transmission of a message from the
       specified socket to its peer. The send() function shall send a
       message only when the socket is connected. If the socket is a
       connectionless-mode socket, the message shall be sent to the pre-
       specified peer address.
       The send() function takes the following arguments:
       socket      Specifies the socket file descriptor.
       buffer      Points to the buffer containing the message to send.
       length      Specifies the length of the message in bytes.
       flags       Specifies the type of message transmission. Values of
                   this argument are formed by logically OR'ing zero or more
                   of the following flags:
                   MSG_EOR       Terminates a record (if supported by the
                                 protocol).
                   MSG_OOB       Sends out-of-band data on sockets that
                                 support out-of-band communications. The
                                 significance and semantics of out-of-band
                                 data are protocol-specific.
                   MSG_NOSIGNAL  Requests not to send the SIGPIPE signal if
                                 an attempt to send is made on a stream-
                                 oriented socket that is no longer
                                 connected. The [EPIPE] error shall still be
                                 returned.
       The length of the message to be sent is specified by the length
       argument. If the message is too long to pass through the underlying
       protocol, send() shall fail and no data shall be transmitted.
       Successful completion of a call to send() does not guarantee delivery
       of the message. A return value of −1 indicates only locally-detected
       errors.
       If space is not available at the sending socket to hold the message
       to be transmitted, and the socket file descriptor does not have
       O_NONBLOCK set, send() shall block until space is available. If space
       is not available at the sending socket to hold the message to be
       transmitted, and the socket file descriptor does have O_NONBLOCK set,
       send() shall fail. The select() and poll() functions can be used to
       determine when it is possible to send more data.
       The socket in use may require the process to have appropriate
       privileges to use the send() function.
