
       If no options or arguments are specified, set shall write the names
       and values of all shell variables in the collation sequence of the
       current locale. Each name shall start on a separate line, using the
       format:
           "%s=%s\n", <name>, <value>
       The value string shall be written with appropriate quoting; see the
       description of shell quoting in Section 2.2, Quoting.  The output
       shall be suitable for reinput to the shell, setting or resetting, as
       far as possible, the variables that are currently set; read-only
       variables cannot be reset.
       When options are specified, they shall set or unset attributes of the
       shell, as described below. When arguments are specified, they cause
       positional parameters to be set or unset, as described below. Setting
       or unsetting attributes and positional parameters are not necessarily
       related actions, but they can be combined in a single invocation of
       set.
       The set special built-in shall support the Base Definitions volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008, Section 12.2, Utility Syntax Guidelines except that
       options can be specified with either a leading <hyphen> (meaning
       enable the option) or <plus-sign> (meaning disable it) unless
       otherwise specified.
       Implementations shall support the options in the following list in
       both their <hyphen> and <plus-sign> forms. These options can also be
       specified as options to sh.
       −a    When this option is on, the export attribute shall be set for
             each variable to which an assignment is performed; see the Base
             Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008, Section 4.22, Variable
             Assignment.  If the assignment precedes a utility name in a
             command, the export attribute shall not persist in the current
             execution environment after the utility completes, with the
             exception that preceding one of the special built-in utilities
             causes the export attribute to persist after the built-in has
             completed. If the assignment does not precede a utility name in
             the command, or if the assignment is a result of the operation
             of the getopts or read utilities, the export attribute shall
             persist until the variable is unset.
       −b    This option shall be supported if the implementation supports
             the User Portability Utilities option. It shall cause the shell
             to notify the user asynchronously of background job
             completions. The following message is written to standard
             error:
                 "[%d]%c %s%s\n", <job-number>, <current>, <status>, <job-name>
             where the fields shall be as follows:
             <current>   The character '+' identifies the job that would be
                         used as a default for the fg or bg utilities; this
                         job can also be specified using the job_id "%+" or
                         "%%".  The character '−' identifies the job that
                         would become the default if the current default job
                         were to exit; this job can also be specified using
                         the job_id "%−".  For other jobs, this field is a
                         <space>.  At most one job can be identified with
                         '+' and at most one job can be identified with '−'.
                         If there is any suspended job, then the current job
                         shall be a suspended job. If there are at least two
                         suspended jobs, then the previous job also shall be
                         a suspended job.
             <job-number>
                         A number that can be used to identify the process
                         group to the wait, fg, bg, and kill utilities.
                         Using these utilities, the job can be identified by
                         prefixing the job number with '%'.
             <status>    Unspecified.
             <job-name>  Unspecified.
             When the shell notifies the user a job has been completed, it
             may remove the job's process ID from the list of those known in
             the current shell execution environment; see Section 2.9.3.1,
             Examples.  Asynchronous notification shall not be enabled by
             default.
       −C    (Uppercase C.) Prevent existing files from being overwritten by
             the shell's '>' redirection operator (see Section 2.7.2,
             Redirecting Output); the ">|" redirection operator shall
             override this noclobber option for an individual file.
       −e    When this option is on, when any command fails (for any of the
             reasons listed in Section 2.8.1, Consequences of Shell Errors
             or by returning an exit status greater than zero), the shell
             immediately shall exit with the following exceptions:
              1. The failure of any individual command in a multi-command
                 pipeline shall not cause the shell to exit. Only the
                 failure of the pipeline itself shall be considered.
              2. The −e setting shall be ignored when executing the compound
                 list following the while, until, if, or elif reserved word,
                 a pipeline beginning with the !  reserved word, or any
                 command of an AND-OR list other than the last.
              3. If the exit status of a compound command other than a
                 subshell command was the result of a failure while −e was
                 being ignored, then −e shall not apply to this command.
             This requirement applies to the shell environment and each
             subshell environment separately. For example, in:
                 set -e; (false; echo one) | cat; echo two
             the false command causes the subshell to exit without executing
             echo one; however, echo two is executed because the exit status
             of the pipeline (false; echo one) | cat is zero.
       −f    The shell shall disable pathname expansion.
       −h    Locate and remember utilities invoked by functions as those
             functions are defined (the utilities are normally located when
             the function is executed).
       −m    This option shall be supported if the implementation supports
             the User Portability Utilities option. All jobs shall be run in
             their own process groups. Immediately before the shell issues a
             prompt after completion of the background job, a message
             reporting the exit status of the background job shall be
             written to standard error. If a foreground job stops, the shell
             shall write a message to standard error to that effect,
             formatted as described by the jobs utility. In addition, if a
             job changes status other than exiting (for example, if it stops
             for input or output or is stopped by a SIGSTOP signal), the
             shell shall write a similar message immediately prior to
             writing the next prompt. This option is enabled by default for
             interactive shells.
       −n    The shell shall read commands but does not execute them; this
             can be used to check for shell script syntax errors. An
             interactive shell may ignore this option.
       −o    Write the current settings of the options to standard output in
             an unspecified format.
       +o    Write the current option settings to standard output in a
             format that is suitable for reinput to the shell as commands
             that achieve the same options settings.
       −o option
             This option is supported if the system supports the User
             Portability Utilities option. It shall set various options,
             many of which shall be equivalent to the single option letters.
             The following values of option shall be supported:
             allexport Equivalent to −a.
             errexit   Equivalent to −e.
             ignoreeof Prevent an interactive shell from exiting on end-of-
                       file. This setting prevents accidental logouts when
                       <control>‐D is entered. A user shall explicitly exit
                       to leave the interactive shell.
             monitor   Equivalent to −m.  This option is supported if the
                       system supports the User Portability Utilities
                       option.
             noclobber Equivalent to −C (uppercase C).
             noglob    Equivalent to −f.
             noexec    Equivalent to −n.
             nolog     Prevent the entry of function definitions into the
                       command history; see Command History List.
             notify    Equivalent to −b.
             nounset   Equivalent to −u.
             verbose   Equivalent to −v.
             vi        Allow shell command line editing using the built-in
                       vi editor. Enabling vi mode shall disable any other
                       command line editing mode provided as an
                       implementation extension.
                       It need not be possible to set vi mode on for certain
                       block-mode terminals.
             xtrace    Equivalent to −x.
       −u    When the shell tries to expand an unset parameter other than
             the '@' and '*' special parameters, it shall write a message to
             standard error and shall not execute the command containing the
             expansion, but for the purposes of setting the '?'  special
             parameter and the exit status of the shell the command shall be
             treated as having been executed and returned an exit status of
             between 1 and 125 inclusive. A non-interactive shell shall
             immediately exit. An interactive shell shall not exit.
       −v    The shell shall write its input to standard error as it is
             read.
       −x    The shell shall write to standard error a trace for each
             command after it expands the command and before it executes it.
             It is unspecified whether the command that turns tracing off is
             traced.
       The default for all these options shall be off (unset) unless stated
       otherwise in the description of the option or unless the shell was
       invoked with them on; see sh.
       The remaining arguments shall be assigned in order to the positional
       parameters. The special parameter '#' shall be set to reflect the
       number of positional parameters. All positional parameters shall be
       unset before any new values are assigned.
       If the first argument is '−', the results are unspecified.
       The special argument "−−" immediately following the set command name
       can be used to delimit the arguments if the first argument begins
       with '+' or '−', or to prevent inadvertent listing of all shell
       variables when there are no arguments. The command set −− without
       argument shall unset all positional parameters and set the special
       parameter '#' to zero.
