
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The setlocale() function selects the appropriate piece of the global
       locale, as specified by the category and locale arguments, and can be
       used to change or query the entire global locale or portions thereof.
       The value LC_ALL for category names the entire global locale; other
       values for category name only a part of the global locale:
       LC_COLLATE  Affects the behavior of regular expressions and the
                   collation functions.
       LC_CTYPE    Affects the behavior of regular expressions, character
                   classification, character conversion functions, and wide-
                   character functions.
       LC_MESSAGES Affects the affirmative and negative response expressions
                   returned by nl_langinfo() and the way message catalogs
                   are located. It may also affect the behavior of functions
                   that return or write message strings.
       LC_MONETARY Affects the behavior of functions that handle monetary
                   values.
       LC_NUMERIC  Affects the behavior of functions that handle numeric
                   values.
       LC_TIME     Affects the behavior of the time conversion functions.
       The locale argument is a pointer to a character string containing the
       required setting of category.  The contents of this string are
       implementation-defined. In addition, the following preset values of
       locale are defined for all settings of category:
       "POSIX"     Specifies the minimal environment for C-language
                   translation called the POSIX locale. The POSIX locale is
                   the default global locale at entry to main().
       "C"         Equivalent to "POSIX".
       ""          Specifies an implementation-defined native environment.
                   The determination of the name of the new locale for the
                   specified category depends on the value of the associated
                   environment variables, LC_* and LANG; see the Base
                   Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008, Chapter 7, Locale and
                   Chapter 8, Environment Variables.
       A null pointer
                   Directs setlocale() to query the current global locale
                   setting and return the name of the locale if category is
                   not LC_ALL, or a string which encodes the locale name(s)
                   for all of the individual categories if category is
                   LC_ALL.
       Setting all of the categories of the global locale is similar to
       successively setting each individual category of the global locale,
       except that all error checking is done before any actions are
       performed. To set all the categories of the global locale,
       setlocale() can be invoked as:
           setlocale(LC_ALL, "");
       In this case, setlocale() shall first verify that the values of all
       the environment variables it needs according to the precedence rules
       (described in the Base Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008, Chapter 8,
       Environment Variables) indicate supported locales. If the value of
       any of these environment variable searches yields a locale that is
       not supported (and non-null), setlocale() shall return a null pointer
       and the global locale shall not be changed. If all environment
       variables name supported locales, setlocale() shall proceed as if it
       had been called for each category, using the appropriate value from
       the associated environment variable or from the implementation-
       defined default if there is no such value.
       The global locale established using setlocale() shall only be used in
       threads for which no current locale has been set using uselocale() or
       whose current locale has been set to the global locale using
       uselocale(LC_GLOBAL_LOCALE).
       The implementation shall behave as if no function defined in this
       volume of POSIX.1‐2008 calls setlocale().
