
       setquota is a command line quota editor.  The filesystem,
       user/group/project name and new quotas for this filesystem can be
       specified on the command line. Note that if a number is given in the
       place of a user/group/project name it is treated as an
       UID/GID/project ID.
       -r, --remote
              Edit also remote quota use rpc.rquotad on remote server to set
              quota. This option is available only if quota tools were
              compiled with enabled support for setting quotas over RPC.
       -m, --no-mixed-pathnames
              Currently, pathnames of NFSv4 mountpoints are sent without
              leading slash in the path.  rpc.rquotad uses this to recognize
              NFSv4 mounts and properly prepend pseudoroot of NFS filesystem
              to the path. If you specify this option, setquota will always
              send paths with a leading slash. This can be useful for legacy
              reasons but be aware that quota over RPC will stop working if
              you are using new rpc.rquotad.
       -F, --format=quotaformat
              Perform setting for specified format (ie. don't perform format
              autodetection).  Possible format names are: vfsold Original
              quota format with 16-bit UIDs / GIDs, vfsv0 Quota format with
              32-bit UIDs / GIDs, 64-bit space usage, 32-bit inode usage and
              limits, vfsv1 Quota format with 64-bit quota limits and usage,
              rpc (quota over NFS), xfs (quota on XFS filesystem)
       -u, --user
              Set user quotas for named user. This is the default.
       -g, --group
              Set group quotas for named group.
       -P, --project
              Set project quotas for named project.
       -p, --prototype=protoname
              Use quota settings of user, group or project protoname to set
              the quota for the named user, group or project.
       --always-resolve
              Always try to translate user / group / project name to uid /
              gid / project ID even if the name is composed of digits only.
       -b, --batch
              Read information to set from stdin (input format is name
              block-softlimit block-hardlimit inode-softlimit inode-
              hardlimit ). Empty lines and lines starting with # are
              ignored.
       -c, --continue-batch
              If parsing of an input line in batch mode fails, continue with
              processing the next line.
       -t, --edit-period
              Set grace times for users/groups/projects. Times block-grace
              and inode-grace are specified in seconds.
       -T, --edit-times
              Alter times for individual user/group/project when softlimit
              is enforced. Times block-grace and inode-grace are specified
              in seconds or can be string 'unset'.
       -a, --all
              Go through all filesystems with quota in /etc/mtab and perform
              setting.
       block-softlimit and block-hardlimit are interpreted as multiples of
       kibibyte (1024 bytes) blocks by default.  Symbols K, M, G, and T can
       be appended to numeric value to express kibibytes, mebibytes,
       gibibytes, and tebibytes.
       inode-softlimit and inode-hardlimit are interpreted literally.
       Symbols k, m, g, and t can be appended to numeric value to express
       multiples of 10^3, 10^6, 10^9, and 10^12 inodes.
       To disable a quota, set the corresponding parameter to 0. To change
       quotas for several filesystems, invoke once for each filesystem.
       Only the super-user may edit quotas.
