
       sfdisk is a script-oriented tool for partitioning any block device.
       Since version 2.26 sfdisk supports MBR (DOS), GPT, SUN and SGI disk
       labels, but no longer provides any functionality for CHS (Cylinder-
       Head-Sector) addressing.  CHS has never been important for Linux, and
       this addressing concept does not make any sense for new devices.
       sfdisk (since version 2.26) aligns the start and end of partitions to
       block-device I/O limits when relative sizes are specified, when the
       default values are used or when multiplicative suffixes (e.g MiB) are
       used for sizes.  It is possible that partition size will be optimized
       (reduced or enlarged) due to alignment if the start offset is
       specified exactly in sectors and partition size relative or by
       multiplicative suffixes.
       The recommended way is not to specify start offsets at all and
       specify partition size in MiB, GiB (or so).  In this case sfdisk
       align all partitions to block-device I/O limits (or when I/O limits
       are too small then to megabyte boundary to keep disk layout
       portable).  If this default behaviour is unwanted (usually for very
       small partitions) then specify offsets and sizes in sectors.  In this
       case sfdisk entirely follows specified numbers without any
       optimization.
       sfdisk does not create the standard system partitions for SGI and SUN
       disk labels like fdisk(8) does.  It is necessary to explicitly create
       all partitions including whole-disk system partitions.
       sfdisk uses BLKRRPART (reread partition table) ioctl to make sure
       that the device is not used by system or another tools (see also
       --no-reread).  It's possible that this feature or another sfdisk
       activity races with udevd.  The recommended way how to avoid possible
       collisions is to use exclusive flock for the whole-disk device to
       serialize device access.  The exclusive lock will cause udevd to skip
       the event handling on the device.  For example:
              flock /dev/sdc sfdisk /dev/sdc
       Note, this semantic is not currently supported by udevd for MD and DM
       devices.
