
     sftp-server is a program that speaks the server side of SFTP protocol
     to stdout and expects client requests from stdin.  sftp-server is not
     intended to be called directly, but from sshd(8) using the Subsystem
     option.
     Command-line flags to sftp-server should be specified in the Subsystem
     declaration.  See sshd_config(5) for more information.
     Valid options are:
     -d start_directory
             specifies an alternate starting directory for users.  The path‐
             name may contain the following tokens that are expanded at run‐
             time: %% is replaced by a literal '%', %d is replaced by the
             home directory of the user being authenticated, and %u is
             replaced by the username of that user.  The default is to use
             the user's home directory.  This option is useful in conjunc‐
             tion with the sshd_config(5) ChrootDirectory option.
     -e      Causes sftp-server to print logging information to stderr
             instead of syslog for debugging.
     -f log_facility
             Specifies the facility code that is used when logging messages
             from sftp-server.  The possible values are: DAEMON, USER, AUTH,
             LOCAL0, LOCAL1, LOCAL2, LOCAL3, LOCAL4, LOCAL5, LOCAL6, LOCAL7.
             The default is AUTH.
     -h      Displays sftp-server usage information.
     -l log_level
             Specifies which messages will be logged by sftp-server.  The
             possible values are: QUIET, FATAL, ERROR, INFO, VERBOSE, DEBUG,
             DEBUG1, DEBUG2, and DEBUG3.  INFO and VERBOSE log transactions
             that sftp-server performs on behalf of the client.  DEBUG and
             DEBUG1 are equivalent.  DEBUG2 and DEBUG3 each specify higher
             levels of debugging output.  The default is ERROR.
     -P blacklisted_requests
             Specify a comma-separated list of SFTP protocol requests that
             are banned by the server.  sftp-server will reply to any black‐
             listed request with a failure.  The -Q flag can be used to
             determine the supported request types.  If both a blacklist and
             a whitelist are specified, then the blacklist is applied before
             the whitelist.
     -p whitelisted_requests
             Specify a comma-separated list of SFTP protocol requests that
             are permitted by the server.  All request types that are not on
             the whitelist will be logged and replied to with a failure mes‐
             sage.
             Care must be taken when using this feature to ensure that
             requests made implicitly by SFTP clients are permitted.
     -Q protocol_feature
             Query protocol features supported by sftp-server.  At present
             the only feature that may be queried is “requests”, which may
             be used for black or whitelisting (flags -P and -p respec‐
             tively).
     -R      Places this instance of sftp-server into a read-only mode.
             Attempts to open files for writing, as well as other operations
             that change the state of the filesystem, will be denied.
     -u umask
             Sets an explicit umask(2) to be applied to newly-created files
             and directories, instead of the user's default mask.
     On some systems, sftp-server must be able to access /dev/log for log‐
     ging to work, and use of sftp-server in a chroot configuration there‐
     fore requires that syslogd(8) establish a logging socket inside the
     chroot directory.
