
       sheet2pcp is intended to read a data spreadsheet (infile) translate
       this into a Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) archive with the basename
       outfile.
       The input spreadsheet can be in any of the common formats, provided
       the appropriate Perl modules have been installed (see the CAVEATS
       section below).  The spreadsheet must be ``normalized'' so that each
       row contains data for the same time interval, and one of the columns
       contains the date and time for the data in each row.
       The resultant PCP archive may be used with all the PCP client tools
       to graph subsets of the data using pmchart(1), perform data reduction
       and reporting, filter with the PCP inference engine pmie(1), etc.
       The mapfile controls the import process and defines the data mapping
       from the spreadsheet columns onto the PCP data model.  The file is
       written in XML and conforms to the syntax defined in the MAPPING
       CONFIGURATION section below.
       A series of physical files will be created with the prefix outfile.
       These are outfile.0 (the performance data), outfile.meta (the
       metadata that describes the performance data) and outfile.index (a
       temporal index to improve efficiency of replay operations for the
       archive).  If any of these files exists already, then sheet2pcp will
       not overwrite them and will exit with an error message.
       The -h option is an alternate to the hostname attribute of the
       <sheet> element in mapfile described below.  If both are specified,
       the value from mapfile is used.
       The -Z option is an alternate to the timezone attribute of the
       <sheet> element in mapfile described below.  If both are specified,
       the value from mapfile is used.
       sheet2pcp is a Perl script that uses the PCP::LogImport Perl wrapper
       around the PCP libpcp_import library, and as such could be used as an
       example to develop new tools to import other types of performance
       data and create PCP archives.
