
       shm_open() creates and opens a new, or opens an existing, POSIX
       shared memory object.  A POSIX shared memory object is in effect a
       handle which can be used by unrelated processes to mmap(2) the same
       region of shared memory.  The shm_unlink() function performs the
       converse operation, removing an object previously created by
       shm_open().
       The operation of shm_open() is analogous to that of open(2).  name
       specifies the shared memory object to be created or opened.  For
       portable use, a shared memory object should be identified by a name
       of the form /somename; that is, a null-terminated string of up to
       NAME_MAX (i.e., 255) characters consisting of an initial slash,
       followed by one or more characters, none of which are slashes.
       oflag is a bit mask created by ORing together exactly one of O_RDONLY
       or O_RDWR and any of the other flags listed here:
       O_RDONLY   Open the object for read access.  A shared memory object
                  opened in this way can be mmap(2)ed only for read
                  (PROT_READ) access.
       O_RDWR     Open the object for read-write access.
       O_CREAT    Create the shared memory object if it does not exist.  The
                  user and group ownership of the object are taken from the
                  corresponding effective IDs of the calling process, and
                  the object's permission bits are set according to the low-
                  order 9 bits of mode, except that those bits set in the
                  process file mode creation mask (see umask(2)) are cleared
                  for the new object.  A set of macro constants which can be
                  used to define mode is listed in open(2).  (Symbolic
                  definitions of these constants can be obtained by
                  including <sys/stat.h>.)
                  A new shared memory object initially has zero length—the
                  size of the object can be set using ftruncate(2).  The
                  newly allocated bytes of a shared memory object are
                  automatically initialized to 0.
       O_EXCL     If O_CREAT was also specified, and a shared memory object
                  with the given name already exists, return an error.  The
                  check for the existence of the object, and its creation if
                  it does not exist, are performed atomically.
       O_TRUNC    If the shared memory object already exists, truncate it to
                  zero bytes.
       Definitions of these flag values can be obtained by including
       <fcntl.h>.
       On successful completion shm_open() returns a new file descriptor
       referring to the shared memory object.  This file descriptor is
       guaranteed to be the lowest-numbered file descriptor not previously
       opened within the process.  The FD_CLOEXEC flag (see fcntl(2)) is set
       for the file descriptor.
       The file descriptor is normally used in subsequent calls to
       ftruncate(2) (for a newly created object) and mmap(2).  After a call
       to mmap(2) the file descriptor may be closed without affecting the
       memory mapping.
       The operation of shm_unlink() is analogous to unlink(2): it removes a
       shared memory object name, and, once all processes have unmapped the
       object, de-allocates and destroys the contents of the associated
       memory region.  After a successful shm_unlink(), attempts to
       shm_open() an object with the same name fail (unless O_CREAT was
       specified, in which case a new, distinct object is created).
