
       Use of any of these functions is unspecified in a multi-threaded
       process.
       The sighold(), sigignore(), sigpause(), sigrelse(), and sigset()
       functions provide simplified signal management.
       The sigset() function shall modify signal dispositions. The sig
       argument specifies the signal, which may be any signal except SIGKILL
       and SIGSTOP. The disp argument specifies the signal's disposition,
       which may be SIG_DFL, SIG_IGN, or the address of a signal handler. If
       sigset() is used, and disp is the address of a signal handler, the
       system shall add sig to the signal mask of the calling process before
       executing the signal handler; when the signal handler returns, the
       system shall restore the signal mask of the calling process to its
       state prior to the delivery of the signal. In addition, if sigset()
       is used, and disp is equal to SIG_HOLD, sig shall be added to the
       signal mask of the calling process and sig's disposition shall remain
       unchanged. If sigset() is used, and disp is not equal to SIG_HOLD,
       sig shall be removed from the signal mask of the calling process.
       The sighold() function shall add sig to the signal mask of the
       calling process.
       The sigrelse() function shall remove sig from the signal mask of the
       calling process.
       The sigignore() function shall set the disposition of sig to SIG_IGN.
       The sigpause() function shall remove sig from the signal mask of the
       calling process and suspend the calling process until a signal is
       received. The sigpause() function shall restore the signal mask of
       the process to its original state before returning.
       If the action for the SIGCHLD signal is set to SIG_IGN, child
       processes of the calling processes shall not be transformed into
       zombie processes when they terminate. If the calling process
       subsequently waits for its children, and the process has no unwaited-
       for children that were transformed into zombie processes, it shall
       block until all of its children terminate, and wait(), waitid(), and
       waitpid() shall fail and set errno to [ECHILD].
