
       The sigtimedwait() function shall be equivalent to sigwaitinfo()
       except that if none of the signals specified by set are pending,
       sigtimedwait() shall wait for the time interval specified in the
       timespec structure referenced by timeout.  If the timespec structure
       pointed to by timeout is zero-valued and if none of the signals
       specified by set are pending, then sigtimedwait() shall return
       immediately with an error. If timeout is the null pointer, the
       behavior is unspecified.  If the Monotonic Clock option is supported,
       the CLOCK_MONOTONIC clock shall be used to measure the time interval
       specified by the timeout argument.
       The sigwaitinfo() function selects the pending signal from the set
       specified by set.  Should any of multiple pending signals in the
       range SIGRTMIN to SIGRTMAX be selected, it shall be the lowest
       numbered one. The selection order between realtime and non-realtime
       signals, or between multiple pending non-realtime signals, is
       unspecified. If no signal in set is pending at the time of the call,
       the calling thread shall be suspended until one or more signals in
       set become pending or until it is interrupted by an unblocked, caught
       signal.
       The sigwaitinfo() function shall be equivalent to the sigwait()
       function if the info argument is NULL. If the info argument is non-
       NULL, the sigwaitinfo() function shall be equivalent to sigwait(),
       except that the selected signal number shall be stored in the
       si_signo member, and the cause of the signal shall be stored in the
       si_code member. If any value is queued to the selected signal, the
       first such queued value shall be dequeued and, if the info argument
       is non-NULL, the value shall be stored in the si_value member of
       info.  The system resource used to queue the signal shall be released
       and returned to the system for other use. If no value is queued, the
       content of the si_value member is undefined. If no further signals
       are queued for the selected signal, the pending indication for that
       signal shall be reset.
