
       The file ETCDIR/slapd.conf contains configuration information for the
       slapd(8) daemon.  This configuration file is also used by the SLAPD
       tools slapacl(8), slapadd(8), slapauth(8), slapcat(8), slapdn(8),
       slapindex(8), and slaptest(8).
       The slapd.conf file consists of a series of global configuration
       options that apply to slapd as a whole (including all backends),
       followed by zero or more database backend definitions that contain
       information specific to a backend instance.  The configuration
       options are case-insensitive; their value, on a case by case basis,
       may be case-sensitive.
       The general format of slapd.conf is as follows:
           # comment - these options apply to every database
           <global configuration options>
           # first database definition & configuration options
           database <backend 1 type>
           <configuration options specific to backend 1>
           # subsequent database definitions & configuration options
           ...
       As many backend-specific sections as desired may be included.  Global
       options can be overridden in a backend (for options that appear more
       than once, the last appearance in the slapd.conf file is used).
       If a line begins with white space, it is considered a continuation of
       the previous line.  No physical line should be over 2000 bytes long.
       Blank lines and comment lines beginning with a `#' character are
       ignored.  Note: continuation lines are unwrapped before comment
       processing is applied.
       Arguments on configuration lines are separated by white space. If an
       argument contains white space, the argument should be enclosed in
       double quotes.  If an argument contains a double quote (`"') or a
       backslash character (`\'), the character should be preceded by a
       backslash character.
       The specific configuration options available are discussed below in
       the Global Configuration Options, General Backend Options, and
       General Database Options.  Backend-specific options are discussed in
       the slapd-<backend>(5) manual pages.  Refer to the "OpenLDAP
       Administrator's Guide" for more details on the slapd configuration
       file.
