
       The config backend manages all of the configuration information for
       the slapd(8) daemon.  This configuration information is also used by
       the SLAPD tools slapacl(8), slapadd(8), slapauth(8), slapcat(8),
       slapdn(8), slapindex(8), and slaptest(8).
       The config backend is backward compatible with the older
       slapd.conf(5) file but provides the ability to change the
       configuration dynamically at runtime. If slapd is run with only a
       slapd.conf file dynamic changes will be allowed but they will not
       persist across a server restart. Dynamic changes are only saved when
       slapd is running from a slapd.d configuration directory.
       Unlike other backends, there can only be one instance of the config
       backend, and most of its structure is predefined. The root of the
       database is hardcoded to cn=config and this root entry contains
       global settings for slapd. Multiple child entries underneath the root
       entry are used to carry various other settings:
              cn=Module
                     dynamically loaded modules
              cn=Schema
                     schema definitions
              olcBackend=xxx
                     backend-specific settings
              olcDatabase=xxx
                     database-specific settings
       The cn=Module entries will only appear in configurations where slapd
       was built with support for dynamically loaded modules. There can be
       multiple entries, one for each configured module path. Within each
       entry there will be values recorded for each module loaded on a given
       path. These entries have no children.
       The cn=Schema entry contains all of the hardcoded schema elements.
       The children of this entry contain all user-defined schema elements.
       In schema that were loaded from include files, the child entry will
       be named after the include file from which the schema was loaded.
       Typically the first child in this subtree will be
       cn=core,cn=schema,cn=config.
       olcBackend entries are for storing settings specific to a single
       backend type (and thus global to all database instances of that
       type).  At present there are no backends that implement settings of
       this nature, so usually there will not be any olcBackend entries.
       olcDatabase entries store settings specific to a single database
       instance. These entries may have olcOverlay child entries
       corresponding to any overlays configured on the database. The
       olcDatabase and olcOverlay entries may also have miscellaneous child
       entries for other settings as needed. There are two special database
       entries that are predefined - one is an entry for the config database
       itself, and the other is for the "frontend" database. Settings in the
       frontend database are inherited by the other databases, unless they
       are explicitly overridden in a specific database.
       The specific configuration options available are discussed below in
       the Global Configuration Options, General Backend Options, and
       General Database Options. Options are set by defining LDAP attributes
       with specific values.  In general the names of the LDAP attributes
       are the same as the corresponding slapd.conf keyword, with an "olc"
       prefix added on.
       The parser for many of these attributes is the same as used for
       parsing the slapd.conf keywords. As such, slapd.conf keywords that
       allow multiple items to be specified on one line, separated by
       whitespace, will allow multiple items to be specified in one
       attribute value. However, when reading the attribute via LDAP, the
       items will be returned as individual attribute values.
       Backend-specific options are discussed in the slapd-<backend>(5)
       manual pages.  Refer to the "OpenLDAP Administrator's Guide" for more
       details on configuring slapd.
