
       The slk* functions manipulate the set of soft function-key labels
       that exist on many terminals.  For those terminals that do not have
       soft labels, curses takes over the bottom line of stdscr, reducing
       the size of stdscr and the variable LINES.  curses standardizes on
       eight labels of up to eight characters each.  In addition to this,
       the ncurses implementation supports a mode where it simulates 12
       labels of up to five characters each.  This is useful for PC-like
       enduser devices.  ncurses simulates this mode by taking over up to
       two lines at the bottom of the screen; it does not try to use any
       hardware support for this mode.
   Initialization
       The slk_init routine must be called before initscr or newterm is
       called.  If initscr eventually uses a line from stdscr to emulate the
       soft labels, then fmt determines how the labels are arranged on the
       screen:
          0  indicates a 3-2-3 arrangement of the labels.
          1  indicates a 4-4 arrangement
          2  indicates the PC-like 4-4-4 mode.
          3  is again the PC-like 4-4-4 mode, but in addition an index line
             is generated, helping the user to identify the key numbers
             easily.
   Labels
       The slk_set routine (and the slk_wset routine for the wide-character
       library) has three parameters:
          labnum
               is the label number, from 1 to 8 (12 for fmt in slk_init is 2
               or 3);
          label
               is be the string to put on the label, up to eight (five for
               fmt in slk_init is 2 or 3) characters in length.  A null
               string or a null pointer sets up a blank label.
          fmt  is either 0, 1, or 2, indicating whether the label is to be
               left-justified, centered, or right-justified, respectively,
               within the label.
       The slk_label routine returns the current label for label number
       labnum, with leading and trailing blanks stripped.
   Screen updates
       The slk_refresh and slk_noutrefresh routines correspond to the
       wrefresh and wnoutrefresh routines.
       The slk_clear routine clears the soft labels from the screen.
       The slk_restore routine restores the soft labels to the screen after
       a slk_clear has been performed.
       The slk_touch routine forces all the soft labels to be output the
       next time a slk_noutrefresh is performed.
   Video attributes
       The slk_attron, slk_attrset, slk_attroff and slk_attr routines
       correspond to attron, attrset, attroff and attr_get.  They have an
       effect only if soft labels are simulated on the bottom line of the
       screen.  The default highlight for soft keys is A_STANDOUT (as in
       System V curses, which does not document this fact).
   Colors
       The slk_color routine corresponds to color_set.  It has an effect
       only if soft labels are simulated on the bottom line of the screen.
       Because slk_color accepts only short (signed 16-bit integer) values,
       this implementation provides extended_slk_color which accepts an
       integer value, e.g., 32-bits.
