
       The socketpair() function shall create an unbound pair of connected
       sockets in a specified domain, of a specified type, under the
       protocol optionally specified by the protocol argument. The two
       sockets shall be identical. The file descriptors used in referencing
       the created sockets shall be returned in socket_vector[0] and
       socket_vector[1].
       The socketpair() function takes the following arguments:
       domain      Specifies the communications domain in which the sockets
                   are to be created.
       type        Specifies the type of sockets to be created.
       protocol    Specifies a particular protocol to be used with the
                   sockets.  Specifying a protocol of 0 causes socketpair()
                   to use an unspecified default protocol appropriate for
                   the requested socket type.
       socket_vector
                   Specifies a 2-integer array to hold the file descriptors
                   of the created socket pair.
       The type argument specifies the socket type, which determines the
       semantics of communications over the socket. The following socket
       types are defined; implementations may specify additional socket
       types:
       SOCK_STREAM   Provides sequenced, reliable, bidirectional,
                     connection-mode byte streams, and may provide a
                     transmission mechanism for out-of-band data.
       SOCK_DGRAM    Provides datagrams, which are connectionless-mode,
                     unreliable messages of fixed maximum length.
       SOCK_SEQPACKET
                     Provides sequenced, reliable, bidirectional,
                     connection-mode transmission paths for records. A
                     record can be sent using one or more output operations
                     and received using one or more input operations, but a
                     single operation never transfers part of more than one
                     record. Record boundaries are visible to the receiver
                     via the MSG_EOR flag.
       If the protocol argument is non-zero, it shall specify a protocol
       that is supported by the address family. If the protocol argument is
       zero, the default protocol for this address family and type shall be
       used. The protocols supported by the system are implementation-
       defined.
       The process may need to have appropriate privileges to use the
       socketpair() function or to create some sockets.
