
       The socket() function shall create an unbound socket in a
       communications domain, and return a file descriptor that can be used
       in later function calls that operate on sockets.
       The socket() function takes the following arguments:
       domain      Specifies the communications domain in which a socket is
                   to be created.
       type        Specifies the type of socket to be created.
       protocol    Specifies a particular protocol to be used with the
                   socket. Specifying a protocol of 0 causes socket() to use
                   an unspecified default protocol appropriate for the
                   requested socket type.
       The domain argument specifies the address family used in the
       communications domain. The address families supported by the system
       are implementation-defined.
       Symbolic constants that can be used for the domain argument are
       defined in the <sys/socket.h> header.
       The type argument specifies the socket type, which determines the
       semantics of communication over the socket. The following socket
       types are defined; implementations may specify additional socket
       types:
       SOCK_STREAM Provides sequenced, reliable, bidirectional, connection-
                   mode byte streams, and may provide a transmission
                   mechanism for out-of-band data.
       SOCK_DGRAM  Provides datagrams, which are connectionless-mode,
                   unreliable messages of fixed maximum length.
       SOCK_SEQPACKET
                   Provides sequenced, reliable, bidirectional, connection-
                   mode transmission paths for records. A record can be sent
                   using one or more output operations and received using
                   one or more input operations, but a single operation
                   never transfers part of more than one record. Record
                   boundaries are visible to the receiver via the MSG_EOR
                   flag.
       If the protocol argument is non-zero, it shall specify a protocol
       that is supported by the address family. If the protocol argument is
       zero, the default protocol for this address family and type shall be
       used. The protocols supported by the system are implementation-
       defined.
       The process may need to have appropriate privileges to use the
       socket() function or to create some sockets.
