
     ssh-add adds private key identities to the authentication agent,
     ssh-agent(1).  When run without arguments, it adds the files
     ~/.ssh/id_rsa, ~/.ssh/id_dsa, ~/.ssh/id_ecdsa, and ~/.ssh/id_ed25519.
     After loading a private key, ssh-add will try to load corresponding
     certificate information from the filename obtained by appending
     -cert.pub to the name of the private key file.  Alternative file names
     can be given on the command line.
     If any file requires a passphrase, ssh-add asks for the passphrase from
     the user.  The passphrase is read from the user's tty.  ssh-add retries
     the last passphrase if multiple identity files are given.
     The authentication agent must be running and the SSH_AUTH_SOCK environ‐
     ment variable must contain the name of its socket for ssh-add to work.
     The options are as follows:
     -c      Indicates that added identities should be subject to confirma‐
             tion before being used for authentication.  Confirmation is
             performed by ssh-askpass(1).  Successful confirmation is sig‐
             naled by a zero exit status from ssh-askpass(1), rather than
             text entered into the requester.
     -D      Deletes all identities from the agent.
     -d      Instead of adding identities, removes identities from the
             agent.  If ssh-add has been run without arguments, the keys for
             the default identities and their corresponding certificates
             will be removed.  Otherwise, the argument list will be inter‐
             preted as a list of paths to public key files to specify keys
             and certificates to be removed from the agent.  If no public
             key is found at a given path, ssh-add will append .pub and
             retry.
     -E fingerprint_hash
             Specifies the hash algorithm used when displaying key finger‐
             prints.  Valid options are: “md5” and “sha256”.  The default is
             “sha256”.
     -e pkcs11
             Remove keys provided by the PKCS#11 shared library pkcs11.
     -k      When loading keys into or deleting keys from the agent, process
             plain private keys only and skip certificates.
     -L      Lists public key parameters of all identities currently repre‐
             sented by the agent.
     -l      Lists fingerprints of all identities currently represented by
             the agent.
     -q      Be quiet after a successful operation.
     -s pkcs11
             Add keys provided by the PKCS#11 shared library pkcs11.
     -t life
             Set a maximum lifetime when adding identities to an agent.  The
             lifetime may be specified in seconds or in a time format speci‐
             fied in sshd_config(5).
     -X      Unlock the agent.
     -x      Lock the agent with a password.
