
     sshd (OpenSSH Daemon) is the daemon program for ssh(1).  Together these
     programs replace rlogin and rsh, and provide secure encrypted communi‐
     cations between two untrusted hosts over an insecure network.
     sshd listens for connections from clients.  It is normally started at
     boot from /etc/rc.  It forks a new daemon for each incoming connection.
     The forked daemons handle key exchange, encryption, authentication,
     command execution, and data exchange.
     sshd can be configured using command-line options or a configuration
     file (by default sshd_config(5)); command-line options override values
     specified in the configuration file.  sshd rereads its configuration
     file when it receives a hangup signal, SIGHUP, by executing itself with
     the name and options it was started with, e.g. /usr/sbin/sshd.
     The options are as follows:
     -4      Forces sshd to use IPv4 addresses only.
     -6      Forces sshd to use IPv6 addresses only.
     -C connection_spec
             Specify the connection parameters to use for the -T extended
             test mode.  If provided, any Match directives in the configura‐
             tion file that would apply are applied before the configuration
             is written to standard output.  The connection parameters are
             supplied as keyword=value pairs and may be supplied in any
             order, either with multiple -C options or as a comma-separated
             list.  The keywords are “addr,” “user”, “host”, “laddr”,
             “lport”, and “rdomain” and correspond to source address, user,
             resolved source host name, local address, local port number and
             routing domain respectively.
     -c host_certificate_file
             Specifies a path to a certificate file to identify sshd during
             key exchange.  The certificate file must match a host key file
             specified using the -h option or the HostKey configuration
             directive.
     -D      When this option is specified, sshd will not detach and does
             not become a daemon.  This allows easy monitoring of sshd.
     -d      Debug mode.  The server sends verbose debug output to standard
             error, and does not put itself in the background.  The server
             also will not fork and will only process one connection.  This
             option is only intended for debugging for the server.  Multiple
             -d options increase the debugging level.  Maximum is 3.
     -E log_file
             Append debug logs to log_file instead of the system log.
     -e      Write debug logs to standard error instead of the system log.
     -f config_file
             Specifies the name of the configuration file.  The default is
             /etc/ssh/sshd_config.  sshd refuses to start if there is no
             configuration file.
     -g login_grace_time
             Gives the grace time for clients to authenticate themselves
             (default 120 seconds).  If the client fails to authenticate the
             user within this many seconds, the server disconnects and
             exits.  A value of zero indicates no limit.
     -h host_key_file
             Specifies a file from which a host key is read.  This option
             must be given if sshd is not run as root (as the normal host
             key files are normally not readable by anyone but root).  The
             default is /etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key,
             /etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key and /etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key.
             It is possible to have multiple host key files for the differ‐
             ent host key algorithms.
     -i      Specifies that sshd is being run from inetd(8).
     -o option
             Can be used to give options in the format used in the configu‐
             ration file.  This is useful for specifying options for which
             there is no separate command-line flag.  For full details of
             the options, and their values, see sshd_config(5).
     -p port
             Specifies the port on which the server listens for connections
             (default 22).  Multiple port options are permitted.  Ports
             specified in the configuration file with the Port option are
             ignored when a command-line port is specified.  Ports specified
             using the ListenAddress option override command-line ports.
     -q      Quiet mode.  Nothing is sent to the system log.  Normally the
             beginning, authentication, and termination of each connection
             is logged.
     -T      Extended test mode.  Check the validity of the configuration
             file, output the effective configuration to stdout and then
             exit.  Optionally, Match rules may be applied by specifying the
             connection parameters using one or more -C options.
     -t      Test mode.  Only check the validity of the configuration file
             and sanity of the keys.  This is useful for updating sshd reli‐
             ably as configuration options may change.
     -u len  This option is used to specify the size of the field in the
             utmp structure that holds the remote host name.  If the
             resolved host name is longer than len, the dotted decimal value
             will be used instead.  This allows hosts with very long host
             names that overflow this field to still be uniquely identified.
             Specifying -u0 indicates that only dotted decimal addresses
             should be put into the utmp file.  -u0 may also be used to pre‐
             vent sshd from making DNS requests unless the authentication
             mechanism or configuration requires it.  Authentication mecha‐
             nisms that may require DNS include HostbasedAuthentication and
             using a from="pattern-list" option in a key file.  Configura‐
             tion options that require DNS include using a USER@HOST pattern
             in AllowUsers or DenyUsers.
