
       If you modify an StGit stack (branch) with some git commands — such
       as commit, pull, merge, and rebase — you will leave the StGit
       metadata in an inconsistent state. In that situation, you have two
       options:
        1. Use "stg undo" to undo the effect of the git commands. (If you
           know what you are doing and want more control, "git reset" or
           similar will work too.)
        2. Use "stg repair". This will fix up the StGit metadata to
           accommodate the modifications to the branch. Specifically, it
           will do the following:
           ·   If you have made regular git commits on top of your stack of
               StGit patches, "stg repair" makes new StGit patches out of
               them, preserving their contents.
           ·   However, merge commits cannot become patches; if you have
               committed a merge on top of your stack, "repair" will simply
               mark all patches below the merge unapplied, since they are no
               longer reachable. If this is not what you want, use "stg
               undo" to get rid of the merge and run "stg repair" again.
           ·   The applied patches are supposed to be precisely those that
               are reachable from the branch head. If you have used e.g.
               "git reset" to move the head, some applied patches may no
               longer be reachable, and some unapplied patches may have
               become reachable. "stg repair" will correct the appliedness
               of such patches.
                   "stg repair" will fix these inconsistencies reliably, so as long
                   as you like what it does, you have no reason to avoid causing
                   them in the first place. For example, you might find it
                   convenient to make commits with a graphical tool and then have
                   "stg repair" make proper patches of the commits.
           Note
           If using git commands on the stack was a mistake, running "stg
           repair" is not what you want. In that case, what you want is
           option (1) above.
