
       For strerror(): The functionality described on this reference page is
       aligned with the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the
       requirements described here and the ISO C standard is unintentional.
       This volume of POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The strerror() function shall map the error number in errnum to a
       locale-dependent error message string and shall return a pointer to
       it. Typically, the values for errnum come from errno, but strerror()
       shall map any value of type int to a message.
       The application shall not modify the string returned.  The returned
       string pointer might be invalidated or the string content might be
       overwritten by a subsequent call to strerror(), or by a subsequent
       call to strerror_l() in the same thread.
       The string may be overwritten by a subsequent call to strerror_l() in
       the same thread.
       The contents of the error message strings returned by strerror()
       should be determined by the setting of the LC_MESSAGES category in
       the current locale.
       The implementation shall behave as if no function defined in this
       volume of POSIX.1‐2008 calls strerror().
       The strerror() and strerror_l() functions shall not change the
       setting of errno if successful.
       Since no return value is reserved to indicate an error of strerror(),
       an application wishing to check for error situations should set errno
       to 0, then call strerror(), then check errno.  Similarly, since
       strerror_l() is required to return a string for some errors, an
       application wishing to check for all error situations should set
       errno to 0, then call strerror_l(), then check errno.
       The strerror() function need not be thread-safe.
       The strerror_l() function shall map the error number in errnum to a
       locale-dependent error message string in the locale represented by
       locale and shall return a pointer to it.
       The strerror_r() function shall map the error number in errnum to a
       locale-dependent error message string and shall return the string in
       the buffer pointed to by strerrbuf, with length buflen.
       If the value of errnum is a valid error number, the message string
       shall indicate what error occurred; if the value of errnum is zero,
       the message string shall either be an empty string or indicate that
       no error occurred; otherwise, if these functions complete
       successfully, the message string shall indicate that an unknown error
       occurred.
       The behavior is undefined if the locale argument to strerror_l() is
       the special locale object LC_GLOBAL_LOCALE or is not a valid locale
       object handle.
