
       The strfmon() function formats the specified monetary amount
       according to the current locale and format specification format and
       places the result in the character array s of size max.
       The strfmon_l() function performs the same task, but uses the locale
       specified by locale.  The behavior of strfmon_l() is undefined if
       locale is the special locale object LC_GLOBAL_LOCALE (see
       duplocale(3)) or is not a valid locale object handle.
       Ordinary characters in format are copied to s without conversion.
       Conversion specifiers are introduced by a '%' character.  Immediately
       following it there can be zero or more of the following flags:
       =f     The single-byte character f is used as the numeric fill
              character (to be used with a left precision, see below).  When
              not specified, the space character is used.
       ^      Do not use any grouping characters that might be defined for
              the current locale.  By default, grouping is enabled.
       ( or + The ( flag indicates that negative amounts should be enclosed
              between parentheses.  The + flag indicates that signs should
              be handled in the default way, that is, amounts are preceded
              by the locale's sign indication, for example, nothing for
              positive, "-" for negative.
       !      Omit the currency symbol.
       -      Left justify all fields.  The default is right justification.
       Next, there may be a field width: a decimal digit string specifying a
       minimum field width in bytes.  The default is 0.  A result smaller
       than this width is padded with spaces (on the left, unless the left-
       justify flag was given).
       Next, there may be a left precision of the form "#" followed by a
       decimal digit string.  If the number of digits left of the radix
       character is smaller than this, the representation is padded on the
       left with the numeric fill character.  Grouping characters are not
       counted in this field width.
       Next, there may be a right precision of the form "." followed by a
       decimal digit string.  The amount being formatted is rounded to the
       specified number of digits prior to formatting.  The default is
       specified in the frac_digits and int_frac_digits items of the current
       locale.  If the right precision is 0, no radix character is printed.
       (The radix character here is determined by LC_MONETARY, and may
       differ from that specified by LC_NUMERIC.)
       Finally, the conversion specification must be ended with a conversion
       character.  The three conversion characters are
       %      (In this case, the entire specification must be exactly "%%".)
              Put a '%' character in the result string.
       i      One argument of type double is converted using the locale's
              international currency format.
       n      One argument of type double is converted using the locale's
              national currency format.
