
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       These functions shall convert the initial portion of the string
       pointed to by nptr to double, float, and long double representation,
       respectively. First, they decompose the input string into three
       parts:
        1. An initial, possibly empty, sequence of white-space characters
           (as specified by isspace())
        2. A subject sequence interpreted as a floating-point constant or
           representing infinity or NaN
        3. A final string of one or more unrecognized characters, including
           the terminating NUL character of the input string
       Then they shall attempt to convert the subject sequence to a
       floating-point number, and return the result.
       The expected form of the subject sequence is an optional '+' or '−'
       sign, then one of the following:
        *  A non-empty sequence of decimal digits optionally containing a
           radix character; then an optional exponent part consisting of the
           character 'e' or the character 'E', optionally followed by a '+'
           or '−' character, and then followed by one or more decimal digits
        *  A 0x or 0X, then a non-empty sequence of hexadecimal digits
           optionally containing a radix character; then an optional binary
           exponent part consisting of the character 'p' or the character
           'P', optionally followed by a '+' or '−' character, and then
           followed by one or more decimal digits
        *  One of INF or INFINITY, ignoring case
        *  One of NAN or NAN(n-char-sequenceopt), ignoring case in the NAN
           part, where:
               n-char-sequence:
                   digit
                   nondigit
                   n-char-sequence digit
                   n-char-sequence nondigit
       The subject sequence is defined as the longest initial subsequence of
       the input string, starting with the first non-white-space character,
       that is of the expected form. The subject sequence contains no
       characters if the input string is not of the expected form.
       If the subject sequence has the expected form for a floating-point
       number, the sequence of characters starting with the first digit or
       the decimal-point character (whichever occurs first) shall be
       interpreted as a floating constant of the C language, except that the
       radix character shall be used in place of a period, and that if
       neither an exponent part nor a radix character appears in a decimal
       floating-point number, or if a binary exponent part does not appear
       in a hexadecimal floating-point number, an exponent part of the
       appropriate type with value zero is assumed to follow the last digit
       in the string. If the subject sequence begins with a minus-sign, the
       sequence shall be interpreted as negated. A character sequence INF or
       INFINITY shall be interpreted as an infinity, if representable in the
       return type, else as if it were a floating constant that is too large
       for the range of the return type. A character sequence NAN or NAN(n-
       char-sequenceopt) shall be interpreted as a quiet NaN, if supported
       in the return type, else as if it were a subject sequence part that
       does not have the expected form; the meaning of the n-char sequences
       is implementation-defined. A pointer to the final string is stored in
       the object pointed to by endptr, provided that endptr is not a null
       pointer.
       If the subject sequence has the hexadecimal form and FLT_RADIX is a
       power of 2, the value resulting from the conversion is correctly
       rounded.
       The radix character is defined in the current locale (category
       LC_NUMERIC).  In the POSIX locale, or in a locale where the radix
       character is not defined, the radix character shall default to a
       <period> ('.').
       In other than the C or POSIX locales, other implementation-defined
       subject sequences may be accepted.
       If the subject sequence is empty or does not have the expected form,
       no conversion shall be performed; the value of nptr is stored in the
       object pointed to by endptr, provided that endptr is not a null
       pointer.
       These functions shall not change the setting of errno if successful.
       Since 0 is returned on error and is also a valid return on success,
       an application wishing to check for error situations should set errno
       to 0, then call strtod(), strtof(), or strtold(), then check errno.
