
       The symlink() function shall create a symbolic link called path2 that
       contains the string pointed to by path1 (path2 is the name of the
       symbolic link created, path1 is the string contained in the symbolic
       link).
       The string pointed to by path1 shall be treated only as a character
       string and shall not be validated as a pathname.
       If the symlink() function fails for any reason other than [EIO], any
       file named by path2 shall be unaffected.
       If path2 names a symbolic link, symlink() shall fail and set errno to
       [EEXIST].
       The symbolic link's user ID shall be set to the process' effective
       user ID. The symbolic link's group ID shall be set to the group ID of
       the parent directory or to the effective group ID of the process.
       Implementations shall provide a way to initialize the symbolic link's
       group ID to the group ID of the parent directory. Implementations
       may, but need not, provide an implementation-defined way to
       initialize the symbolic link's group ID to the effective group ID of
       the calling process.
       The values of the file mode bits for the created symbolic link are
       unspecified. All interfaces specified by POSIX.1‐2008 shall behave as
       if the contents of symbolic links can always be read, except that the
       value of the file mode bits returned in the st_mode field of the stat
       structure is unspecified.
       Upon successful completion, symlink() shall mark for update the last
       data access, last data modification, and last file status change
       timestamps of the symbolic link. Also, the last data modification and
       last file status change timestamps of the directory that contains the
       new entry shall be marked for update.
       The symlinkat() function shall be equivalent to the symlink()
       function except in the case where path2 specifies a relative path. In
       this case the symbolic link is created relative to the directory
       associated with the file descriptor fd instead of the current working
       directory. If the file descriptor was opened without O_SEARCH, the
       function shall check whether directory searches are permitted using
       the current permissions of the directory underlying the file
       descriptor. If the file descriptor was opened with O_SEARCH, the
       function shall not perform the check.
       If symlinkat() is passed the special value AT_FDCWD in the fd
       parameter, the current working directory shall be used and the
       behavior shall be identical to a call to symlink().
