
       systemd-mount may be used to create and start a transient .mount or
       .automount unit of the file system WHAT on the mount point WHERE.
       In many ways, systemd-mount is similar to the lower-level mount(8)
       command, however instead of executing the mount operation directly
       and immediately, systemd-mount schedules it through the service
       manager job queue, so that it may pull in further dependencies (such
       as parent mounts, or a file system checker to execute a priori), and
       may make use of the auto-mounting logic.
       The command takes either one or two arguments. If only one argument
       is specified it should refer to a block device containing a file
       system (e.g.  "/dev/sdb1"), which is then probed for a label and
       other metadata, and is mounted to a directory whose name is generated
       from the label. In this mode the block device must exist at the time
       of invocation of the command, so that it may be probed. If the device
       is found to be a removable block device (e.g. a USB stick) an
       automount point instead of a regular mount point is created (i.e. the
       --automount= option is implied, see below).
       If two arguments are specified the first indicates the mount source
       (the WHAT) and the second indicates the path to mount it on (the
       WHERE). In this mode no probing of the source is attempted, and a
       backing device node doesn't have to exist yet. However, if this mode
       is combined with --discover, device node probing for additional
       metadata is enabled, and – much like in the single-argument case
       discussed above – the specified device has to exist at the time of
       invocation of the command.
       Use the --list command to show a terse table of all local, known
       block devices with file systems that may be mounted with this
       command.
       systemd-umount can be used to unmount a mount or automount point. It
       is the same as systemd-mount--unmount.
