
       systemd-resolve may be used to resolve domain names, IPv4 and IPv6
       addresses, DNS resource records and services with the
       systemd-resolved.service(8) resolver service. By default, the
       specified list of parameters will be resolved as hostnames,
       retrieving their IPv4 and IPv6 addresses. If the parameters specified
       are formatted as IPv4 or IPv6 operation the reverse operation is
       done, and a hostname is retrieved for the specified addresses.
       The program's output contains information about the protocol used for
       the look-up and on which network interface the data was discovered.
       It also contains information on whether the information could be
       authenticated. All data for which local DNSSEC validation succeeds is
       considered authenticated. Moreover all data originating from local,
       trusted sources is also reported authenticated, including resolution
       of the local host name, the "localhost" host name or all data from
       /etc/hosts.
       The --type= switch may be used to specify a DNS resource record type
       (A, AAAA, SOA, MX, ...) in order to request a specific DNS resource
       record, instead of the address or reverse address lookups. The
       special value "help" may be used to list known values.
       The --service switch may be used to resolve SRV[1] and DNS-SD[2]
       services (see below). In this mode, between one and three arguments
       are required. If three parameters are passed the first is assumed to
       be the DNS-SD service name, the second the SRV service type, and the
       third the domain to search in. In this case a full DNS-SD style SRV
       and TXT lookup is executed. If only two parameters are specified, the
       first is assumed to be the SRV service type, and the second the
       domain to look in. In this case no TXT RR is requested. Finally, if
       only one parameter is specified, it is assumed to be a domain name,
       that is already prefixed with an SRV type, and an SRV lookup is done
       (no TXT).
       The --openpgp switch may be used to query PGP keys stored as
       OPENPGPKEY[3] resource records. When this option is specified one or
       more e-mail address must be specified.
       The --tlsa switch maybe be used to query TLS public keys stored as
       TLSA[4] resource records. When this option is specified one or more
       domain names must be specified.
       The --statistics switch may be used to show resolver statistics,
       including information about the number of successful and failed
       DNSSEC validations.
       The --reset-statistics may be used to reset various statistics
       counters maintained the resolver, including those shown in the
       --statistics output. This operation requires root privileges.
