
       The talk utility is a two-way, screen-oriented communication program.
       When first invoked, talk shall send a message similar to:
           Message from <unspecified string>
           talk: connection requested by your_address
           talk: respond with: talk your_address
       to the specified address.  At this point, the recipient of the
       message can reply by typing:
           talk your_address
       Once communication is established, the two parties can type
       simultaneously, with their output displayed in separate regions of
       the screen. Characters shall be processed as follows:
        *  Typing the <alert> character shall alert the recipient's
           terminal.
        *  Typing <control>‐L shall cause the sender's screen regions to be
           refreshed.
        *  Typing the erase and kill characters shall affect the sender's
           terminal in the manner described by the termios interface in the
           Base Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008, Chapter 11, General
           Terminal Interface.
        *  Typing the interrupt or end-of-file characters shall terminate
           the local talk utility. Once the talk session has been terminated
           on one side, the other side of the talk session shall be notified
           that the talk session has been terminated and shall be able to do
           nothing except exit.
        *  Typing characters from LC_CTYPE classifications print or space
           shall cause those characters to be sent to the recipient's
           terminal.
        *  When and only when the stty iexten local mode is enabled, the
           existence and processing of additional special control characters
           and multi-byte or single-byte functions shall be implementation-
           defined.
        *  Typing other non-printable characters shall cause implementation-
           defined sequences of printable characters to be sent to the
           recipient's terminal.
       Permission to be a recipient of a talk message can be denied or
       granted by use of the mesg utility. However, a user's privilege may
       further constrain the domain of accessibility of other users'
       terminals. The talk utility shall fail when the user lacks
       appropriate privileges to perform the requested action.
       Certain block-mode terminals do not have all the capabilities
       necessary to support the simultaneous exchange of messages required
       for talk.  When this type of exchange cannot be supported on such
       terminals, the implementation may support an exchange with reduced
       levels of simultaneous interaction or it may report an error
       describing the terminal-related deficiency.
