
       The pam_time PAM module does not authenticate the user, but instead
       it restricts access to a system and or specific applications at
       various times of the day and on specific days or over various
       terminal lines. This module can be configured to deny access to
       (individual) users based on their name, the time of day, the day of
       week, the service they are applying for and their terminal from which
       they are making their request.
       For this module to function correctly there must be a correctly
       formatted /etc/security/time.conf file present. White spaces are
       ignored and lines maybe extended with '\' (escaped newlines). Text
       following a '#' is ignored to the end of the line.
       The syntax of the lines is as follows:
       services;ttys;users;times
       In words, each rule occupies a line, terminated with a newline or the
       beginning of a comment; a '#'. It contains four fields separated with
       semicolons, ';'.
       The first field, the services field, is a logic list of PAM service
       names that the rule applies to.
       The second field, the tty field, is a logic list of terminal names
       that this rule applies to.
       The third field, the users field, is a logic list of users or a
       netgroup of users to whom this rule applies.
       For these items the simple wildcard '*' may be used only once. With
       netgroups no wildcards or logic operators are allowed.
       The times field is used to indicate the times at which this rule
       applies. The format here is a logic list of day/time-range entries.
       The days are specified by a sequence of two character entries, MoTuSa
       for example is Monday Tuesday and Saturday. Note that repeated days
       are unset MoMo = no day, and MoWk = all weekdays bar Monday. The two
       character combinations accepted are Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa Su Wk Wd Al,
       the last two being week-end days and all 7 days of the week
       respectively. As a final example, AlFr means all days except Friday.
       Each day/time-range can be prefixed with a '!' to indicate "anything
       but". The time-range part is two 24-hour times HHMM, separated by a
       hyphen, indicating the start and finish time (if the finish time is
       smaller than the start time it is deemed to apply on the following
       day).
       For a rule to be active, ALL of service+ttys+users must be satisfied
       by the applying process.
       Note, currently there is no daemon enforcing the end of a session.
       This needs to be remedied.
       Poorly formatted rules are logged as errors using syslog(3).
