
   Bearer identification
       media MEDIA
              Specifies the TIPC media type for a particular bearer to
              operate on.  Different media types have different ways of
              identifying a unique bearer.  For example, ib and eth identify
              a bearer with a DEVICE while udp identify a bearer with a
              LOCALIP and a NAME
              ib - Infiniband
              eth - Ethernet
              udp - User Datagram Protocol (UDP)
       name NAME
              Logical bearer identifier valid for bearers on udp media.
       device DEVICE
              Physical bearer device valid for bearers on eth and ib media.
   Bearer properties
       domain
              The addressing domain (region) in which a bearer will
              establish links and accept link establish requests.
       priority
              Default link priority inherited by all links subsequently
              established over a bearer. A single bearer can only host one
              link to a particular node. This means the default link
              priority for a bearer typically affects which bearer to use
              when communicating with a particular node in an multi bearer
              setup. For more info about link priority see tipc-link(8)
       tolerance
              Default link tolerance inherited by all links subsequently
              established over a bearer. For more info about link tolerance
              see tipc-link(8)
       window
              Default link window inherited by all links subsequently
              established over a bearer. For more info about the link window
              size see tipc-link(8)
   UDP bearer options
       localip LOCALIP
              Specify a local IP v4/v6 address for a udp bearer.
       localport LOCALPORT
              Specify the local port for a udp bearer. The default port 6118
              is used if no port is specified.
       remoteip REMOTEIP
              Specify a remote IP for a udp bearer. If no remote IP is
              specified a udp bearer runs in multicast mode and tries to
              auto-discover its neighbours.  The multicast IP address is
              generated based on the TIPC network ID. If a remote IP is
              specified the udp bearer runs in point-to-point mode.
              Multiple remoteip addresses can be added via the bearer add
              command. Adding one or more unicast remoteip addresses to an
              existing udp bearer puts the bearer in replicast mode where IP
              multicast is emulated by sending multiple unicast messages to
              each configured remoteip.  When a peer sees a TIPC discovery
              message from an unknown peer the peer address is automatically
              added to the remoteip (replicast) list, thus only one side of
              a link needs to be manually configured. A remoteip address
              cannot be added to a multicast bearer.
       remoteport REMOTEPORT
              Specify the remote port for a udp bearer. The default port
              6118 is used if no port is specified.
