
   Link statistics
       ACTIVE link state
              An ACTIVE link is serving traffic. Two links to the same node
              can become ACTIVE if they have the same link priority.  If
              there is more than two links with the same priority the
              additional links will be put in STANDBY state.
       STANDBY link state
              A STANDBY link has lower link priority than an ACTIVE link. A
              STANDBY link has control traffic flowing and is ready to take
              over should the ACTIVE link(s) go down.
       MTU
              The Maximum Transmission Unit. The two endpoints advertise
              their default or configured MTU at initial link setup and will
              agree to use the lower of the two values should they differ.
       Packets
              The total amount of transmitted or received TIPC packets on a
              link. Including fragmented and bundled packets.
       Fragments
              Represented in the form fragments/fragmented.  Where
              fragmented is the amount of data messages which have been
              broken into fragments.  Subsequently the fragments are the
              total amount of packets that the fragmented messages has been
              broken into.
       Bundles
              Represented in the form bundles/bundled.  If a link becomes
              congested the link will attempt to bundle data from small
              bundled packets into bundles of full MTU size packets before
              they are transmitted.
       Profile
              Shows the average packet size in octets/bytes for a sample of
              packets. It also shows the packet size distribution of the
              sampled packets in the intervals
              0-64 bytes
              64-256 bytes
              256-1024 bytes
              1024-4096 bytes
              4096-16384 bytes
              16384-32768 bytes
              32768-66000 bytes
       Message counters
              states - Number of link state messages
              probes - Link state messages with probe flag set. Typically
              sent when a link is idle
              nacks - Number of negative acknowledgement (NACK) packets sent
              and received by the link
              defs - Number of packets received out of order
              dups - Number of duplicate packets received
       Congestion link
              The number of times an application has tried to send data when
              the TIPC link was congested
       Send queue
              Max is the maximum amount of messages that has resided in the
              out queue during the statistics collection period of a link.
              Avg is the average outqueue size during the lifetime of a
              link.
   Link properties
       priority
              The priority between logical TIPC links to a particular node.
              Link priority can range from 0 (lowest) to 31 (highest).
       tolerance
              Link tolerance specifies the maximum time in milliseconds that
              TIPC will allow a communication problem to exist before taking
              the link down. The default value is 1500 milliseconds.
       window
              The link window controls how many unacknowledged messages a
              link endpoint can have in its transmit queue before TIPC's
              congestion control mechanism is activated.
   Monitor properties
       threshold
              The threshold specifies the cluster size exceeding which the
              link monitoring algorithm will switch from "full-mesh" to
              "overlapping-ring".  If set of 0 the overlapping-ring
              monitoring is always on and if set to a value larger than
              anticipated cluster size the overlapping-ring is disabled.
              The default value is 32.
   Monitor information
       table_generation
              Represents the event count in a node's local monitoring list.
              It steps every time something changes in the local monitor
              list, including changes in the local domain.
       cluster_size
              Represents the current count of cluster members.
       algorithm
              The current supervision algorithm used for neighbour
              monitoring for the bearer.  Possible values are full-mesh or
              overlapping-ring.
       status
              The node status derived by the local node.  Possible status
              are up or down.
       monitored
              Represent the type of monitoring chosen by the local node.
              Possible values are direct or indirect.
       generation
              Represents the domain generation which is the event count in a
              node's local domain. Every time something changes (peer
              add/remove/up/down) the domain generation is stepped and a new
              version of node record is sent to inform the neighbors about
              this change. The domain generation helps the receiver of a
              domain record to know if it should ignore or process the
              record.
       applied_node_status
              The node status reported by the peer node for the succeeding
              peers in the node list. The Node list is a circular list of
              ascending addresses starting with the local node.  Possible
              status are: U or D. The status U implies up and D down.
       [non_applied_node:status]
              Represents the nodes and their status as reported by the peer
              node.  These nodes were not applied to the monitoring list for
              this peer node.  They are usually transient and occur during
              the cluster startup phase or network reconfiguration.
              Possible status are: U or D. The status U implies up and D
              down.
