
     tmux is a terminal multiplexer: it enables a number of terminals to be
     created, accessed, and controlled from a single screen.  tmux may be
     detached from a screen and continue running in the background, then
     later reattached.
     When tmux is started it creates a new session with a single window and
     displays it on screen.  A status line at the bottom of the screen shows
     information on the current session and is used to enter interactive
     commands.
     A session is a single collection of pseudo terminals under the manage‐
     ment of tmux.  Each session has one or more windows linked to it.  A
     window occupies the entire screen and may be split into rectangular
     panes, each of which is a separate pseudo terminal (the pty(4) manual
     page documents the technical details of pseudo terminals).  Any number
     of tmux instances may connect to the same session, and any number of
     windows may be present in the same session.  Once all sessions are
     killed, tmux exits.
     Each session is persistent and will survive accidental disconnection
     (such as ssh(1) connection timeout) or intentional detaching (with the
     ‘C-b d’ key strokes).  tmux may be reattached using:
           $ tmux attach
     In tmux, a session is displayed on screen by a client and all sessions
     are managed by a single server.  The server and each client are sepa‐
     rate processes which communicate through a socket in /tmp.
     The options are as follows:
     -2            Force tmux to assume the terminal supports 256 colours.
     -C            Start in control mode (see the CONTROL MODE section).
                   Given twice (-CC) disables echo.
     -c shell-command
                   Execute shell-command using the default shell.  If neces‐
                   sary, the tmux server will be started to retrieve the
                   default-shell option.  This option is for compatibility
                   with sh(1) when tmux is used as a login shell.
     -f file       Specify an alternative configuration file.  By default,
                   tmux loads the system configuration file from
                   @SYSCONFDIR@/tmux.conf, if present, then looks for a user
                   configuration file at ~/.tmux.conf.
                   The configuration file is a set of tmux commands which
                   are executed in sequence when the server is first
                   started.  tmux loads configuration files once when the
                   server process has started.  The source-file command may
                   be used to load a file later.
                   tmux shows any error messages from commands in configura‐
                   tion files in the first session created, and continues to
                   process the rest of the configuration file.
     -L socket-name
                   tmux stores the server socket in a directory under
                   TMUX_TMPDIR or /tmp if it is unset.  The default socket
                   is named default.  This option allows a different socket
                   name to be specified, allowing several independent tmux
                   servers to be run.  Unlike -S a full path is not neces‐
                   sary: the sockets are all created in the same directory.
                   If the socket is accidentally removed, the SIGUSR1 signal
                   may be sent to the tmux server process to recreate it
                   (note that this will fail if any parent directories are
                   missing).
     -l            Behave as a login shell.  This flag currently has no
                   effect and is for compatibility with other shells when
                   using tmux as a login shell.
     -S socket-path
                   Specify a full alternative path to the server socket.  If
                   -S is specified, the default socket directory is not used
                   and any -L flag is ignored.
     -u            When starting, tmux looks for the LC_ALL, LC_CTYPE and
                   LANG environment variables: if the first found contains
                   ‘UTF-8’, then the terminal is assumed to support UTF-8.
                   This is not always correct: the -u flag explicitly
                   informs tmux that UTF-8 is supported.
                   Note that tmux itself always accepts UTF-8; this controls
                   whether it will send UTF-8 characters to the terminal it
                   is running (if not, they are replaced by ‘_’).
     -v            Request verbose logging.  Log messages will be saved into
                   tmux-client-PID.log and tmux-server-PID.log files in the
                   current directory, where PID is the PID of the server or
                   client process.  If -v is specified twice, an additional
                   tmux-out-PID.log file is generated with a copy of every‐
                   thing tmux writes to the terminal.
                   The SIGUSR2 signal may be sent to the tmux server process
                   to toggle logging between on (as if -v was given) and
                   off.
     -V            Report the tmux version.
     command [flags]
                   This specifies one of a set of commands used to control
                   tmux, as described in the following sections.  If no com‐
                   mands are specified, the new-session command is assumed.
