
   tset - initialization
       This program initializes terminals.
       First, @TSET@ retrieves the current terminal mode settings for your
       terminal.  It does this by successively testing
       ·   the standard error,
       ·   standard output,
       ·   standard input and
       ·   ultimately “/dev/tty”
       to obtain terminal settings.  Having retrieved these settings, @TSET@
       remembers which file descriptor to use when updating settings.
       Next, @TSET@ determines the type of terminal that you are using.
       This determination is done as follows, using the first terminal type
       found.
       1. The terminal argument specified on the command line.
       2. The value of the TERM environmental variable.
       3. (BSD systems only.) The terminal type associated with the standard
       error output device in the /etc/ttys file.  (On System-V-like UNIXes
       and systems using that convention, getty does this job by setting
       TERM according to the type passed to it by /etc/inittab.)
       4. The default terminal type, “unknown”.
       If the terminal type was not specified on the command-line, the -m
       option mappings are then applied (see the section TERMINAL TYPE
       MAPPING for more information).  Then, if the terminal type begins
       with a question mark (“?”), the user is prompted for confirmation of
       the terminal type.  An empty response confirms the type, or, another
       type can be entered to specify a new type.  Once the terminal type
       has been determined, the terminal description for the terminal is
       retrieved.  If no terminal description is found for the type, the
       user is prompted for another terminal type.
       Once the terminal description is retrieved,
       ·   if the “-w” option is enabled, @TSET@ may update the terminal's
           window size.
           If the window size cannot be obtained from the operating system,
           but the terminal description (or environment, e.g., LINES and
           COLUMNS variables specify this), use this to set the operating
           system's notion of the window size.
       ·   if the “-c” option is enabled, the backspace, interrupt and line
           kill characters (among many other things) are set
       ·   unless the “-I” option is enabled, the terminal and tab
           initialization strings are sent to the standard error output, and
           @TSET@ waits one second (in case a hardware reset was issued).
       ·   Finally, if the erase, interrupt and line kill characters have
           changed, or are not set to their default values, their values are
           displayed to the standard error output.
   reset - reinitialization
       When invoked as @RESET@, @TSET@ sets the terminal modes to “sane”
       values:
       ·   sets cooked and echo modes,
       ·   turns off cbreak and raw modes,
       ·   turns on newline translation and
       ·   resets any unset special characters to their default values
       before doing the terminal initialization described above.  Also,
       rather than using the terminal initialization strings, it uses the
       terminal reset strings.
       The @RESET@ command is useful after a program dies leaving a terminal
       in an abnormal state:
       ·   you may have to type
               <LF>@RESET@<LF>
           (the line-feed character is normally control-J) to get the
           terminal to work, as carriage-return may no longer work in the
           abnormal state.
       ·   Also, the terminal will often not echo the command.
