
       This is an implementation of the Lightweight User Datagram Protocol
       (UDP-Lite), as described in RFC 3828.
       UDP-Lite is an extension of UDP (RFC 768) to support variable-length
       checksums.  This has advantages for some types of multimedia
       transport that may be able to make use of slightly damaged datagrams,
       rather than having them discarded by lower-layer protocols.
       The variable-length checksum coverage is set via a setsockopt(2)
       option.  If this option is not set, the only difference from UDP is
       in using a different IP protocol identifier (IANA number 136).
       The UDP-Lite implementation is a full extension of udp(7)—that is, it
       shares the same API and API behavior, and in addition offers two
       socket options to control the checksum coverage.
   Address format
       UDP-Litev4 uses the sockaddr_in address format described in ip(7).
       UDP-Litev6 uses the sockaddr_in6 address format described in ipv6(7).
   Socket options
       To set or get a UDP-Lite socket option, call getsockopt(2) to read or
       setsockopt(2) to write the option with the option level argument set
       to IPPROTO_UDPLITE.  In addition, all IPPROTO_UDP socket options are
       valid on a UDP-Lite socket.  See udp(7) for more information.
       The following two options are specific to UDP-Lite.
       UDPLITE_SEND_CSCOV
              This option sets the sender checksum coverage and takes an int
              as argument, with a checksum coverage value in the range
              0..2^16-1.
              A value of 0 means that the entire datagram is always covered.
              Values from 1-7 are illegal (RFC 3828, 3.1) and are rounded up
              to the minimum coverage of 8.
              With regard to IPv6 jumbograms (RFC 2675), the UDP-Litev6
              checksum coverage is limited to the first 2^16-1 octets, as
              per RFC 3828, 3.5.  Higher values are therefore silently
              truncated to 2^16-1.  If in doubt, the current coverage value
              can always be queried using getsockopt(2).
       UDPLITE_RECV_CSCOV
              This is the receiver-side analogue and uses the same argument
              format and value range as UDPLITE_SEND_CSCOV.  This option is
              not required to enable traffic with partial checksum coverage.
              Its function is that of a traffic filter: when enabled, it
              instructs the kernel to drop all packets which have a coverage
              less than the specified coverage value.
              When the value of UDPLITE_RECV_CSCOV exceeds the actual packet
              coverage, incoming packets are silently dropped, but may
              generate a warning message in the system log.
