
       The uux utility shall gather zero or more files from various systems,
       execute a shell pipeline (see Section 2.9, Shell Commands) on a
       specified system, and then send the standard output of the command to
       a file on a specified system. Only the first command of a pipeline
       can have a system-name!  prefix. All other commands in the pipeline
       shall be executed on the system of the first command.
       The following restrictions are applicable to the shell pipeline
       processed by uux:
        *  In gathering files from different systems, pathname expansion
           shall not be performed by uux.  Thus, a request such as:
               uux "c99 remsys!~/*.c"
           would attempt to copy the file named literally *.c to the local
           system.
        *  The redirection operators ">>", "<<", ">|", and ">&" shall not be
           accepted. Any use of these redirection operators shall cause this
           utility to write an error message describing the problem and exit
           with a non-zero exit status.
        *  The reserved word !  cannot be used at the head of the pipeline
           to modify the exit status.  (See the command-string operand
           description below.)
        *  Alias substitution shall not be performed.
       A filename can be specified as for uucp; it can be an absolute
       pathname, a pathname preceded by ~name (which is replaced by the
       corresponding login directory), a pathname specified as ~/dest (dest
       is prefixed by the public directory called PUBDIR; the actual
       location of PUBDIR is implementation-defined), or a simple filename
       (which is prefixed by uux with the current directory). See uucp(1p)
       for the details.
       The execution of commands on remote systems shall take place in an
       execution directory known to the uucp system. All files required for
       the execution shall be put into this directory unless they already
       reside on that machine. Therefore, the application shall ensure that
       non-local filenames (without path or machine reference) are unique
       within the uux request.
       The uux utility shall attempt to get all files to the execution
       system. For files that are output files, the application shall ensure
       that the filename is escaped using parentheses.
       The remote system shall notify the user by mail if the requested
       command on the remote system was disallowed or the files were not
       accessible. This notification can be turned off by the −n option.
       Typical implementations of this utility require a communications line
       configured to use the Base Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008,
       Chapter 11, General Terminal Interface, but other communications
       means may be used. On systems where there are no available
       communications means (either temporarily or permanently), this
       utility shall write an error message describing the problem and exit
       with a non-zero exit status.
       The uux utility cannot guarantee support for all character encodings
       in all circumstances. For example, transmission data may be
       restricted to 7 bits by the underlying network, 8-bit data and
       filenames need not be portable to non-internationalized systems, and
       so on. Under these circumstances, it is recommended that only
       characters defined in the ISO/IEC 646:1991 standard International
       Reference Version (equivalent to ASCII) 7-bit range of characters be
       used and that only characters defined in the portable filename
       character set be used for naming files.
