
       The waitid() function shall suspend the calling thread until one
       child of the process containing the calling thread changes state. It
       records the current state of a child in the structure pointed to by
       infop.  The fields of the structure pointed to by infop are filled in
       as described for the SIGCHLD signal in <signal.h>.  If a child
       process changed state prior to the call to waitid(), waitid() shall
       return immediately. If more than one thread is suspended in wait(),
       waitid(), or waitpid() waiting for termination of the same process,
       exactly one thread shall return the process status at the time of the
       target process termination.
       The idtype and id arguments are used to specify which children
       waitid() waits for.
       If idtype is P_PID, waitid() shall wait for the child with a process
       ID equal to (pid_t)id.
       If idtype is P_PGID, waitid() shall wait for any child with a process
       group ID equal to (pid_t)id.
       If idtype is P_ALL, waitid() shall wait for any children and id is
       ignored.
       The options argument is used to specify which state changes waitid()
       shall wait for. It is formed by OR'ing together the following flags:
       WCONTINUED  Status shall be returned for any continued child process
                   whose status either has not been reported since it
                   continued from a job control stop or has been reported
                   only by calls to waitid() with the WNOWAIT flag set.
       WEXITED     Wait for processes that have exited.
       WNOHANG     Do not hang if no status is available; return
                   immediately.
       WNOWAIT     Keep the process whose status is returned in infop in a
                   waitable state. This shall not affect the state of the
                   process; the process may be waited for again after this
                   call completes.
       WSTOPPED    Status shall be returned for any child that has stopped
                   upon receipt of a signal, and whose status either has not
                   been reported since it stopped or has been reported only
                   by calls to waitid() with the WNOWAIT flag set.
       Applications shall specify at least one of the flags WEXITED,
       WSTOPPED, or WCONTINUED to be OR'ed in with the options argument.
       The application shall ensure that the infop argument points to a
       siginfo_t structure. If waitid() returns because a child process was
       found that satisfied the conditions indicated by the arguments idtype
       and options, then the structure pointed to by infop shall be filled
       in by the system with the status of the process; the si_signo member
       shall be set equal to SIGCHLD.  If waitid() returns because WNOHANG
       was specified and status is not available for any process specified
       by idtype and id, then the si_signo and si_pid members of the
       structure pointed to by infop shall be set to zero and the values of
       other members of the structure are unspecified.
