
       This driver is obsolete: it was removed from the kernel in version
       2.6.35.
       wavelan is the low-level device driver for the NCR / AT&T / Lucent
       WaveLAN ISA and Digital (DEC) RoamAbout DS wireless ethernet adapter.
       This driver is available as a module or might be compiled in the
       kernel.  This driver supports multiple cards in both forms (up to 4)
       and allocates the next available ethernet device (eth0..eth#) for
       each card found, unless a device name is explicitly specified (see
       below).  This device name will be reported in the kernel log file
       with the MAC address, NWID and frequency used by the card.
   Parameters
       This section apply to the module form (parameters passed on the
       insmod(8) command line).  If the driver is included in the kernel,
       use the ether=IRQ,IO,NAME syntax on the kernel command line.
       io     Specify the list of base address where to search for wavelan
              cards (setting by dip switch on the card).  If you don't
              specify any io address, the driver will scan 0x390 and 0x3E0
              addresses, which might conflict with other hardware...
       irq    Set the list of irq that each wavelan card should use (the
              value is saved in permanent storage for future use).
       name   Set the list of name to be used for each wavelan cards device
              (name used by ifconfig(8)).
   Wireless extensions
       Use iwconfig(8) to manipulate wireless extensions.
   NWID (or domain)
       Set the network ID [0 to FFFF] or disable it [off].  As the NWID is
       stored in the card Permanent Storage Area, it will be reuse at any
       further invocation of the driver.
   Frequency & channels
       For the 2.4 GHz 2.00 Hardware, you are able to set the frequency by
       specifying one of the 10 defined channels (2.412, 2.422, 2.425,
       2.4305, 2.432, 2.442, 2.452, 2.460, 2.462 or 2.484) or directly by
       its value.  The frequency is changed immediately and permanently.
       Frequency availability depends on the regulations...
   Statistics spy
       Set a list of MAC addresses in the driver (up to 8) and get the last
       quality of link for each of those (see iwspy(8)).
   /proc/net/wireless
       status is the status reported by the modem.  Link quality reports the
       quality of the modulation on the air (direct sequence spread
       spectrum) [max = 16].  Level and Noise refer to the signal level and
       noise level [max = 64].  The crypt discarded packet and misc
       discarded packet counters are not implemented.
   Private ioctl
       You may use iwpriv(8) to manipulate private ioctls.
   Quality and level threshold
       Enable you the define the quality and level threshold used by the
       modem (packet below that level are discarded).
   Histogram
       This functionality makes it possible to set a number of signal level
       intervals and to count the number of packets received in each of
       those defined intervals.  This distribution might be used to
       calculate the mean value and standard deviation of the signal level.
   Specific notes
       This driver fails to detect some non-NCR/AT&T/Lucent Wavelan cards.
       If this happens for you, you must look in the source code on how to
       add your card to the detection routine.
       Some of the mentioned features are optional.  You may enable to
       disable them by changing flags in the driver header and recompile.
