
       For wcsrtombs(): The functionality described on this reference page
       is aligned with the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the
       requirements described here and the ISO C standard is unintentional.
       This volume of POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       The wcsrtombs() function shall convert a sequence of wide characters
       from the array indirectly pointed to by src into a sequence of
       corresponding characters, beginning in the conversion state described
       by the object pointed to by ps.  If dst is not a null pointer, the
       converted characters shall then be stored into the array pointed to
       by dst.  Conversion continues up to and including a terminating null
       wide character, which shall also be stored. Conversion shall stop
       earlier in the following cases:
        *  When a code is reached that does not correspond to a valid
           character
        *  When the next character would exceed the limit of len total bytes
           to be stored in the array pointed to by dst (and dst is not a
           null pointer)
       Each conversion shall take place as if by a call to the wcrtomb()
       function.
       If dst is not a null pointer, the pointer object pointed to by src
       shall be assigned either a null pointer (if conversion stopped due to
       reaching a terminating null wide character) or the address just past
       the last wide character converted (if any). If conversion stopped due
       to reaching a terminating null wide character, the resulting state
       described shall be the initial conversion state.
       If ps is a null pointer, the wcsrtombs() function shall use its own
       internal mbstate_t object, which is initialized at program start-up
       to the initial conversion state. Otherwise, the mbstate_t object
       pointed to by ps shall be used to completely describe the current
       conversion state of the associated character sequence.
       The wcsnrtombs() and wcsrtombs() functions need not be thread-safe if
       called with a NULL ps argument.
       The wcsnrtombs() function shall be equivalent to the wcsrtombs()
       function, except that the conversion is limited to the first nwc wide
       characters.
       The wcsrtombs() function shall not change the setting of errno if
       successful.
       The behavior of these functions shall be affected by the LC_CTYPE
       category of the current locale.
       The implementation shall behave as if no function defined in System
       Interfaces volume of POSIX.1‐2008 calls these functions.
