
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       These functions shall convert the initial portion of the wide-
       character string pointed to by nptr to double, float, and long double
       representation, respectively. First, they shall decompose the input
       wide-character string into three parts:
        1. An initial, possibly empty, sequence of white-space wide-
           character codes (as specified by iswspace())
        2. A subject sequence interpreted as a floating-point constant or
           representing infinity or NaN
        3. A final wide-character string of one or more unrecognized wide-
           character codes, including the terminating null wide-character
           code of the input wide-character string
       Then they shall attempt to convert the subject sequence to a
       floating-point number, and return the result.
       The expected form of the subject sequence is an optional '+' or '−'
       sign, then one of the following:
        *  A non-empty sequence of decimal digits optionally containing a
           radix character; then an optional exponent part consisting of the
           wide character 'e' or the wide character 'E', optionally followed
           by a '+' or '−' wide character, and then followed by one or more
           decimal digits
        *  A 0x or 0X, then a non-empty sequence of hexadecimal digits
           optionally containing a radix character; then an optional binary
           exponent part consisting of the wide character 'p' or the wide
           character 'P', optionally followed by a '+' or '−' wide
           character, and then followed by one or more decimal digits
        *  One of INF or INFINITY, or any other wide string equivalent
           except for case
        *  One of NAN or NAN(n-wchar-sequenceopt), or any other wide string
           ignoring case in the NAN part, where:
               n-wchar-sequence:
                   digit
                   nondigit
                   n-wchar-sequence digit
                   n-wchar-sequence nondigit
       The subject sequence is defined as the longest initial subsequence of
       the input wide string, starting with the first non-white-space wide
       character, that is of the expected form. The subject sequence
       contains no wide characters if the input wide string is not of the
       expected form.
       If the subject sequence has the expected form for a floating-point
       number, the sequence of wide characters starting with the first digit
       or the radix character (whichever occurs first) shall be interpreted
       as a floating constant according to the rules of the C language,
       except that the radix character shall be used in place of a period,
       and that if neither an exponent part nor a radix character appears in
       a decimal floating-point number, or if a binary exponent part does
       not appear in a hexadecimal floating-point number, an exponent part
       of the appropriate type with value zero shall be assumed to follow
       the last digit in the string. If the subject sequence begins with a
       minus-sign, the sequence shall be interpreted as negated. A wide-
       character sequence INF or INFINITY shall be interpreted as an
       infinity, if representable in the return type, else as if it were a
       floating constant that is too large for the range of the return type.
       A wide-character sequence NAN or NAN(n-wchar-sequenceopt) shall be
       interpreted as a quiet NaN, if supported in the return type, else as
       if it were a subject sequence part that does not have the expected
       form; the meaning of the n-wchar sequences is implementation-defined.
       A pointer to the final wide string shall be stored in the object
       pointed to by endptr, provided that endptr is not a null pointer.
       If the subject sequence has the hexadecimal form and FLT_RADIX is a
       power of 2, the conversion shall be rounded in an implementation-
       defined manner.
       The radix character shall be as defined in the current locale
       (category LC_NUMERIC).  In the POSIX locale, or in a locale where the
       radix character is not defined, the radix character shall default to
       a <period> ('.').
       In other than the C or POSIX locales, other implementation-defined
       subject sequences may be accepted.
       If the subject sequence is empty or does not have the expected form,
       no conversion shall be performed; the value of nptr shall be stored
       in the object pointed to by endptr, provided that endptr is not a
       null pointer.
       These functions shall not change the setting of errno if successful.
       Since 0 is returned on error and is also a valid return on success,
       an application wishing to check for error situations should set errno
       to 0, then call wcstod(), wcstof(), or wcstold(), then check errno.
