
       The functionality described on this reference page is aligned with
       the ISO C standard. Any conflict between the requirements described
       here and the ISO C standard is unintentional. This volume of
       POSIX.1‐2008 defers to the ISO C standard.
       A sequence of calls to wcstok() shall break the wide-character string
       pointed to by ws1 into a sequence of tokens, each of which shall be
       delimited by a wide-character code from the wide-character string
       pointed to by ws2.  The ptr argument points to a caller-provided
       wchar_t pointer into which the wcstok() function shall store
       information necessary for it to continue scanning the same wide-
       character string.
       The first call in the sequence has ws1 as its first argument, and is
       followed by calls with a null pointer as their first argument. The
       separator string pointed to by ws2 may be different from call to
       call.
       The first call in the sequence shall search the wide-character string
       pointed to by ws1 for the first wide-character code that is not
       contained in the current separator string pointed to by ws2.  If no
       such wide-character code is found, then there are no tokens in the
       wide-character string pointed to by ws1 and wcstok() shall return a
       null pointer. If such a wide-character code is found, it shall be the
       start of the first token.
       The wcstok() function shall then search from there for a wide-
       character code that is contained in the current separator string. If
       no such wide-character code is found, the current token extends to
       the end of the wide-character string pointed to by ws1, and
       subsequent searches for a token shall return a null pointer. If such
       a wide-character code is found, it shall be overwritten by a null
       wide character, which terminates the current token. The wcstok()
       function shall save a pointer to the following wide-character code,
       from which the next search for a token shall start.
       Each subsequent call, with a null pointer as the value of the first
       argument, shall start searching from the saved pointer and behave as
       described above.
       The implementation shall behave as if no function calls wcstok().
