
       The write utility shall read lines from the standard input and write
       them to the terminal of the specified user. When first invoked, it
       shall write the message:
           Message from sender-login-id (sending-terminal) [date]...
       to user_name.  When it has successfully completed the connection, the
       sender's terminal shall be alerted twice to indicate that what the
       sender is typing is being written to the recipient's terminal.
       If the recipient wants to reply, this can be accomplished by typing:
           write sender-login-id [sending-terminal]
       upon receipt of the initial message. Whenever a line of input as
       delimited by an NL, EOF, or EOL special character (see the Base
       Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008, Chapter 11, General Terminal
       Interface) is accumulated while in canonical input mode, the
       accumulated data shall be written on the other user's terminal.
       Characters shall be processed as follows:
        *  Typing <alert> shall write the <alert> character to the
           recipient's terminal.
        *  Typing the erase and kill characters shall affect the sender's
           terminal in the manner described by the termios interface in the
           Base Definitions volume of POSIX.1‐2008, Chapter 11, General
           Terminal Interface.
        *  Typing the interrupt or end-of-file characters shall cause write
           to write an appropriate message ("EOT\n" in the POSIX locale) to
           the recipient's terminal and exit.
        *  Typing characters from LC_CTYPE classifications print or space
           shall cause those characters to be sent to the recipient's
           terminal.
        *  When and only when the stty iexten local mode is enabled, the
           existence and processing of additional special control characters
           and multi-byte or single-byte functions is implementation-
           defined.
        *  Typing other non-printable characters shall cause implementation-
           defined sequences of printable characters to be written to the
           recipient's terminal.
       To write to a user who is logged in more than once, the terminal
       argument can be used to indicate which terminal to write to;
       otherwise, the recipient's terminal is selected in an implementation-
       defined manner and an informational message is written to the
       sender's standard output, indicating which terminal was chosen.
       Permission to be a recipient of a write message can be denied or
       granted by use of the mesg utility. However, a user's privilege may
       further constrain the domain of accessibility of other users'
       terminals. The write utility shall fail when the user lacks
       appropriate privileges to perform the requested action.
