
       xfs_quota is a utility for reporting and editing various aspects of
       filesystem quota.
       The options to xfs_quota are:
       -c cmd    xfs_quota commands may be run interactively (the default)
                 or as arguments on the command line. Multiple -c arguments
                 may be given.  The commands are run in the sequence given,
                 then the program exits.
       -p prog   Set the program name for prompts and some error messages,
                 the default value is xfs_quota.
       -x        Enable expert mode.  All of the administrative commands
                 (see the ADMINISTRATOR COMMANDS section below) which allow
                 modifications to the quota system are available only in
                 expert mode.
       -f        Enable foreign filesystem mode.  A limited number of user
                 and administrative commands are available for use on some
                 foreign (non-XFS) filesystems.
       -d project
                 Project names or numeric identifiers may be specified with
                 this option, which restricts the output of the individual
                 xfs_quota commands to the set of projects specified.
                 Multiple -d arguments may be given.
       -D projects_file
                 Specify a file containing the mapping of numeric project
                 identifiers to directory trees.  /etc/projects as default,
                 if this option is none.
       -P projid_file
                 Specify a file containing the mapping of numeric project
                 identifiers to project names.  /etc/projid as default, if
                 this option is none.
       -V        Prints the version number and exits.
       The optional path argument(s) can be used to specify mount points or
       device files which identify XFS filesystems. The output of the
       individual xfs_quota commands will then be restricted to the set of
       filesystems specified.
       This manual page is divided into two sections - firstly, information
       for users of filesystems with quota enabled, and the xfs_quota
       commands of interest to such users; and then information which is
       useful only to administrators of XFS filesystems using quota and the
       quota commands which allow modifications to the quota system.
       Note that common to almost all of the individual commands described
       below are the options for specifying which quota types are of
       interest - user quota (-u), group quota (-g), and/or project quota
       (-p).  Also, several commands provide options to operate on "blocks
       used" (-b), "inodes used" (-i), and/or "realtime blocks used" (-r).
       Many commands also have extensive online help. Use the help command
       for more details on any command.
