
       xfs_copy copies an XFS filesystem to one or more targets in parallel
       (see xfs(5)).  The first (source) argument must be the pathname of
       the device or file containing the XFS filesystem. The remaining
       arguments specify one or more target devices or file names. If the
       pathnames specify devices, a copy of the source XFS filesystem is
       created on each device. The target can also be the name of a regular
       file, in which case an image of the source XFS filesystem is created
       in that file. If the file does not exist, xfs_copy creates the file.
       The length of the resulting file is equal to the size of the source
       filesystem. However, if the file is created on an XFS filesystem, the
       file consumes roughly the amount of space actually used in the source
       filesystem by the filesystem and the XFS log.  The space saving is
       because xfs_copy seeks over free blocks instead of copying them and
       the XFS filesystem supports sparse files efficiently.
       xfs_copy should only be used to copy unmounted filesystems, read-only
       mounted filesystems, or frozen filesystems (see xfs_freeze(8)).
       Otherwise, the generated filesystem(s) would be inconsistent or
       corrupt.
       xfs_copy does not alter the source filesystem in any way. Each new
       (target) filesystem is identical to the original filesystem except
       that new filesystems each have a new unique filesystem identifier
       (UUID).  Therefore, if both the old and new filesystems will be used
       as separate distinct filesystems, xfs_copy or
       xfsdump(8)/xfsrestore(8) should be used to generate the new
       filesystem(s) instead of dd(1) or other programs that do block-by-
       block disk copying.
       xfs_copy uses synchronous writes to ensure that write errors are
       detected.
       xfs_copy uses pthreads(7) to perform simultaneous parallel writes.
       xfs_copy creates one additional thread for each target to be written.
       All threads die if xfs_copy terminates or aborts.
