
       xfsdump maintains an online dump inventory in
       /var/lib/xfsdump/inventory.  The -I option of xfsdump displays the
       inventory contents hierarchically.  The levels of the hierarchy are:
       filesystem, dump session, stream, and media file.
       xfsinvutil is a utility to check this inventory database for
       consistency, to remove entries of dump sessions which may no longer
       be of relevance, and to browse the contents of the inventory.
       The following command line options are available:
       -F   Don't prompt the operator.  When xfsinvutil encounters a
            matching dump session, xfsinvutil will normally ask the operator
            for permission to delete the entry. With this option the
            deletion is performed, no questions asked.
       -i   Interactive mode.  Causes xfsinvutil to run in a mode that will
            allow the operator to browse and modify the contents of the
            inventory. Please refer to the Interactive Mode section below
            for more information.
       -M mount_point mm/dd/yyyy
            Prunes dump sessions identified by the given mount point which
            were created prior to the specified date. Optionally -m may be
            be specified to further limit the matching dump sessions by
            media label.  xfsinvutil will prompt the operator prior to
            pruning a dump session unless the -F or -i options are given.
       -u UUID mm/dd/yyyy
            Like -M, except the matching filesystem is specified using its
            universally unique identifier (UUID) instead of its mount point.
       -m media_label
            If specified, only sessions with at least one media file whose
            label matches this value will be eligible for pruning.  This
            restriction is in addition to those imposed by the date and the
            -M or -u options.  This option allows the pruning of all
            inventory references to media which may have been overwritten or
            lost. Note that this option does not apply to sessions with no
            media files.
       -s SESSION_ID
            Prunes the dump session identified by the given session id.
            xfsinvutil will prompt the operator prior to pruning a dump
            session unless the -F option is given.
       -C   With this option, xfsinvutil performs consistency checks for all
            entries in the inventory database.  It fixes any problems found.
            If no consistent entries are found , the corresponding inventory
            database file is removed.
   Interactive Mode
       When run with -i, xfsinvutil will present the operator with a
       hierarchical representation of the xfsdump inventory.  In this mode,
       the operator can use the arrow keys (or the h j k l keys) to navigate
       the inventory and also use the following keys and functionality:
       +    Expand a branch of the tree.
       -    Collapse a branch of the tree.
       *    Fully expand a branch of the tree.
       %    Fully collapse a branch of the tree.
       h    Move selection to the parent entry.
       l    Move selection to the child entry.
       j    Move selection to next entry.
       k    Move selection to previous entry.
       d    Mark the current record, and all sub-records, to be deleted.
       u    Clear the current record and all parent records from being
            deleted.
       i    Import another xfsdump inventory.
       ?    Show help window.
       x    Commit any changes made to the inventory, and exit the program.
       q    Exit the program without committing any changes to the
            inventory.
       Inventories from other hosts can be imported to create a larger
       common inventory.  It is recommended that the contents of
       /var/lib/xfsdump/inventory on the remote host be copied to a
       temporary local directory prior to running xfsinvutil.  When
       xfsinvutil is run in interactive mode, and the operator hits i, they
       will be prompted for the path to the inventory to be imported.
       xfsinvutil will then add the contents of the imported inventory to
       the main window, and all entries will be marked as imported.  The
       operator can then delete any of these entries that are not to be
       imported.  When the operator commits the changes, xfsinvutil will
       import any entries which were not marked as deleted.  Deleted entries
       are not actually deleted from the original imported inventory.
