
       xfsrestore restores filesystems from dumps produced by xfsdump(8).
       Two modes of operation are available: simple and cumulative.
       The default is simple mode.  xfsrestore populates the specified
       destination directory, dest, with the files contained in the dump
       media.
       The -r option specifies the cumulative mode.  Successive invocations
       of xfsrestore are used to apply a chronologically ordered sequence of
       delta dumps to a base (level 0) dump.  The contents of the filesystem
       at the time each dump was produced is reproduced.  This can involve
       adding, deleting, renaming, linking, and unlinking files and
       directories.
       A delta dump is defined as either an incremental dump (xfsdump -l
       option with level > 0) or a resumed dump (xfsdump -R option).  The
       deltas must be applied in the order they were produced.  Each delta
       applied must have been produced with the previously applied delta as
       its base.
       xfsrestore keeps state information in the xfsrestorehousekeepingdir,
       to inform subsequent invocations when used in cumulative mode, or in
       the event a restore is interrupted.  To ensure that the state
       information can be processed, a compatible version of xfsrestore must
       be used for each subsequent invocation. Additionally, each invocation
       must run on a system of the same endianness and page size.
       The options to xfsrestore are:
       -a housekeeping
            Each invocation of xfsrestore creates a directory called
            xfsrestorehousekeepingdir.  This directory is normally created
            directly under the dest directory.  The -a option allows the
            operator to specify an alternate directory, housekeeping, in
            which xfsrestore creates the xfsrestorehousekeepingdir
            directory.  When performing a cumulative (-r option) restore or
            resuming (-R option) a restore, each successive invocation must
            specify the same alternate directory.
       -b blocksize
            Specifies the blocksize, in bytes, to be used for the restore.
            For other drives such as DAT or 8 mm , the same blocksize used
            for the xfsdump operation must be specified to restore the tape.
            The default block size is 1Mb.
       -c progname
            Use the specified program to alert the operator when a media
            change is required. The alert program is typically a script to
            send a mail or flash a window to draw the operator's attention.
       -e   Prevents xfsrestore from overwriting existing files in the dest
            directory.
       -f source [ -f source ... ]
            Specifies a source of the dump to be restored.  This can be the
            pathname of a device (such as a tape drive), a regular file or a
            remote tape drive (see rmt(8)).  This option must be omitted if
            the standard input option (a lone - preceding the dest
            specification) is specified.
       -i   Selects interactive operation.  Once the on-media directory
            hierarchy has been read, an interactive dialogue is begun.  The
            operator uses a small set of commands to peruse the directory
            hierarchy, selecting files and subtrees for extraction.  The
            available commands are given below.  Initially nothing is
            selected, except for those subtrees specified with -s command
            line options.
            ls [arg]       List the entries in the current directory or the
                           specified directory, or the specified non-
                           directory file entry.  Both the entry's original
                           inode number and name are displayed.  Entries
                           that are directories are appended with a `/'.
                           Entries that have been selected for extraction
                           are prepended with a `*'.
            cd [arg]       Change the current working directory to the
                           specified argument, or to the filesystem root
                           directory if no argument is specified.
            pwd            Print the pathname of the current directory,
                           relative to the filesystem root.
            add [arg]      The current directory or specified file or
                           directory within the current directory is
                           selected for extraction.  If a directory is
                           specified, then it and all its descendents are
                           selected.  Entries that are selected for
                           extraction are prepended with a `*' when they are
                           listed by ls.
            delete [arg]   The current directory or specified file or
                           directory within the current directory is
                           deselected for extraction.  If a directory is
                           specified, then it and all its descendents are
                           deselected.  The most expedient way to extract
                           most of the files from a directory is to select
                           the directory and then deselect those files that
                           are not needed.
            extract        Ends the interactive dialogue, and causes all
                           selected subtrees to be restored.
            quit           xfsrestore ends the interactive dialogue and
                           immediately exits, even if there are files or
                           subtrees selected for extraction.
            help           List a summary of the available commands.
       -m   Use the minimal tape protocol.  This option cannot be used
            without specifying a blocksize to be used (see -b option above).
       -n file
            Allows xfsrestore to restore only files newer than file.  The
            modification time of file (i.e., as displayed with the ls -l
            command) is compared to the inode modification time of each file
            on the source media (i.e., as displayed with the ls -lc
            command).  A file is restored from media only if its inode
            modification time is greater than or equal to the modification
            time of file.
       -o   Restore file and directory owner/group even if not root.  When
            run with an effective user id of root, xfsrestore restores owner
            and group of each file and directory.  When run with any other
            effective user id it does not, unless this option is specified.
       -p interval
            Causes progress reports to be printed at intervals of interval
            seconds.  The interval value is approximate, xfsrestore will
            delay progress reports to avoid undue processing overhead.
       -q   Source tape drive is a QIC tape.  QIC tapes only use a 512 byte
            blocksize, for which xfsrestore must make special allowances.
       -r   Selects the cumulative mode of operation. The -a and destination
            options must be the same for each invocation.
       -s subtree
            Specifies a subtree to restore.  Any number of -s options are
            allowed.  The restore is constrained to the union of all
            subtrees specified.  Each subtree is specified as a pathname
            relative to the restore dest.  If a directory is specified, the
            directory and all files beneath that directory are restored.
       -t   Displays the contents of the dump, but does not create or modify
            any files or directories.  It may be desirable to set the
            verbosity level to silent when using this option.
       -v verbosity
       -v subsys=verbosity[,subsys=verbosity,...]
            Specifies the level of detail used for messages displayed during
            the course of the restore. The verbosity argument can be passed
            as either a string or an integer. If passed as a string the
            following values may be used: silent, verbose, trace, debug, or
            nitty.  If passed as an integer, values from 0-5 may be used.
            The values 0-4 correspond to the strings already listed. The
            value 5 can be used to produce even more verbose debug output.
            The first form of this option activates message logging across
            all restore subsystems. The second form allows the message
            logging level to be controlled on a per-subsystem basis. The two
            forms can be combined (see the example below). The argument
            subsys can take one of the following values: general, proc,
            drive, media, inventory, and tree.
            For example, to restore the root filesystem with tracing
            activated for all subsystems:
                 # xfsrestore -v trace -f /dev/tape /
            To enable debug-level tracing for drive and media operations:
                 # xfsrestore -v drive=debug,media=debug -f /dev/tape /
            To enable tracing for all subsystems, and debug level tracing
            for drive operations only:
                 # xfsrestore -v trace,drive=debug -f /dev/tape /
       -A   Do not restore extended file attributes.  When restoring a
            filesystem managed within a DMF environment this option should
            not be used. DMF stores file migration status within extended
            attributes associated with each file. If these attributes are
            not preserved when the filesystem is restored, files that had
            been in migrated state will not be recallable by DMF. Note that
            dumping of extended file attributes is also optional.
       -B   Change the ownership and permissions of the destination
            directory to match those of the root directory of the dump.
       -D   Restore DMAPI (Data Management Application Programming
            Interface) event settings. If the restored filesystem will be
            managed within the same DMF environment as the original dump it
            is essential that the -D option be used. Otherwise it is not
            usually desirable to restore these settings.
       -E   Prevents xfsrestore from overwriting newer versions of files.
            The inode modification time of the on-media file is compared to
            the inode modification time of corresponding file in the dest
            directory.  The file is restored only if the on-media version is
            newer than the version in the dest directory.  The inode
            modification time of a file can be displayed with the ls -lc
            command.
       -F   Inhibit interactive operator prompts.  This option inhibits
            xfsrestore from prompting the operator for verification of the
            selected dump as the restore target and from prompting for any
            media change.
       -I   Causes the xfsdump inventory to be displayed (no restore is
            performed).  Each time xfsdump is used, an online inventory in
            /var/lib/xfsdump/inventory is updated.  This is used to
            determine the base for incremental dumps.  It is also useful for
            manually identifying a dump session to be restored (see the -L
            and -S options).  Suboptions to filter the inventory display are
            described later.
       -J   Inhibits inventory update when on-media session inventory
            encountered during restore.  xfsrestore opportunistically
            updates the online inventory when it encounters an on-media
            session inventory, but only if run with an effective user id of
            root and only if this option is not given.
       -K   Force xfsrestore to use dump format 2 generation numbers.
            Normally the need for this is determined automatically, but this
            option is required on the first xfsrestore invocation in the
            rare case that a cumulative restore begins with a format 3 (or
            newer) dump and will be followed by a format 2 dump.
       -L session_label
            Specifies the label of the dump session to be restored.  The
            source media is searched for this label.  It is any arbitrary
            string up to 255 characters long.  The label of the desired dump
            session can be copied from the inventory display produced by the
            -I option.
       -O options_file
            Insert the options contained in options_file into the beginning
            of the command line.  The options are specified just as they
            would appear if typed into the command line.  In addition,
            newline characters (\n) can be used as whitespace.  The options
            are placed before all options actually given on the command
            line, just after the command name.  Only one -O option can be
            used.  Recursive use is ignored.  The destination directory
            cannot be specified in options_file.
       -Q   Force completion of an interrupted restore session.  This option
            is required to work around one specific pathological scenario.
            When restoring a dump session which was interrupted due to an
            EOM condition and no online session inventory is available,
            xfsrestore cannot know when the restore of that dump session is
            complete.  The operator is forced to interrupt the restore
            session.  In that case, if the operator tries to subsequently
            apply a resumed dump (using the -r option), xfsrestore refuses
            to do so.  The operator must tell xfsrestore to consider the
            base restore complete by using this option when applying the
            resumed dump.
       -R   Resume a previously interrupted restore.  xfsrestore can be
            interrupted at any time by pressing the terminal interrupt
            character (see stty(1)).  Use this option to resume the restore.
            The -a and destination options must be the same.
       -S session_id
            Specifies the session UUID of the dump session to be restored.
            The source media is searched for this UUID.  The UUID of the
            desired dump session can be copied from the inventory display
            produced by the -I option.
       -T   Inhibits interactive dialogue timeouts.  xfsrestore prompts the
            operator for media changes.  This dialogue normally times out if
            no response is supplied.  This option prevents the timeout.
       -X subtree
            Specifies a subtree to exclude.  This is the converse of the -s
            option.  Any number of -X options are allowed.  Each subtree is
            specified as a pathname relative to the restore dest.  If a
            directory is specified, the directory and all files beneath that
            directory are excluded.
       -Y io_ring_length
            Specify I/O buffer ring length.  xfsrestore uses a ring of input
            buffers to achieve maximum throughput when restoring from tape
            drives.  The default ring length is 3.  However, this is not
            currently enabled on Linux yet, making this option benign.
       -    A lone - causes the standard input to be read as the source of
            the dump to be restored.  Standard input can be a pipe from
            another utility (such as xfsdump(8)) or a redirected file.  This
            option cannot be used with the -f option.  The - must follow all
            other options, and precede the dest specification.
       The dumped filesystem is restored into the dest directory.  There is
       no default; the dest must be specified.
